Alright, uh ... the beginning, I remember the wife talking to the lawyer. Don't remember about what. And then I remember the lawyer visiting the guy in jail, Jonathan. Uh ... uh ... don't remember - I might not remember the total- like, everything in order directly, but I remember the, uh ... the wife talking to her dad about ... you know, she doesn't really like her husband. Uh, I remember the son, uh ... the ahh ... the accused's son walking into the, uh, victim's son at school. That whole interaction with, uh, the principal also. And then ... uh, I'm trying to remember the first part ... what else. Uh ... I'll be honest- oh, okay. So, there was the, when they, you know, they, when they had bailed him out, you know, the, uh ... the daughter talking to her dad about, uh, getting him bailed out. Uh, and then, you know, he was very hesitant to do it, but he did it, and then he got out, and there was a big, uh, outcry over it. And then I remember, uh ... ummm ... what else? What else happened in the first part? Umm ... honestly, that's all I can really remember from the first part. But, I remember the second part, starting with the wife walking through, uh, the park at night, being followed by the - the victim's husband. Uh, and then I remember the ... uh ... I don't know why I'm blanking so much right now. But, I remember the ... this is going to be out of order, but I remember the husband visiting, uh, the, uh, the widower of the victim. And, uh, you know, the interaction there, how he told, you know, he wanted to make sure that th- his son knew that he did not do it. Uh, because he was, uh, he was his doctor, right? So he was the mad-, uh, he wanted to make sure he didn't do it. And then, uh, you know, there was the interaction about how she knew that, uh, the other guy was following his wife around, which was, uh, you know, the, uh, the uh ... and then there was the, of course, the baby ... the daughter, who was actually Jonathan's daughter, which was, which was - that was crazy. That was, that was quite the twist, uh ... and then I remember ... uh ... they ... when they went on TV, to, uh ... you know, to talk to his lawyer, his lawyer suggested that he, uh, goes public with his, uh ... you know, his, you know, he- the- the guys's lawyer thinks it would be a good idea for, you know, the public to see the, the more human side of him by, you know, going on TV and telling his side of the story, and then, uh ... yeah ... uh ... And I do remember in that scene where he was, uh, talking to the lawyer, she was trying to convince him to take a plea deal. And he did refuse to do that, because he, uh, was continuing maintaining his innocence. And, uh ... yeah ... Oh ... Oh, okay. So I remember this part ... uh, back when the wife was walking through the park, and then she collapsed, in the, ah - I forget if that was in the first or second part, but she collapsed in the middle of the park and she was taken to the hospital. I guess, you know, with the anxiety attack at all. And that's all ... you know, the father-in-law, or the father and the son was there, and then Jonathan shows up, and does his doctor stuff ... whatever. Yeah. I'd say that's pretty much the extent of what I remember. Yes.