 Okay. A bit of background. The story is about this guy, Jonathan, who is accused of murder. He's some kind of doctor. His wife is fairly well off from money that I guess her parents had. Umm ... Jonathan has - her, her husband - is accused of murdering his lover, who's not his wife. And so we start the scene at the lawyer's office who's defending Jonathan, but it's the lawyer and his wife. Lawyer and the wife are talking. And she's saying that the lawyer’s saying, Look, lawyers, a woman's so I'm gonna, they're both she. The lawyer’s saying that the wife is maybe like, they think the cops think that she may have done it. Because they found that she, on the night of the woman's murder, She walks - she was kind of going out on a walk in the city and came really close to the victim's house at about the same time. But then, the the lawyer decides that, okay, it's not as big of a problem. After that, we see the lawyer talking to Jonathan in jail. And she says, Oh, where did you get that black eye from? And he's like, oh, a bunch of people beat me up in jail. And she's like, and you bit somebody? And he's like, Yeah, I bit somebody and she said, Okay, you don't want to bite anybody. And she asked if they ca- he can get out. Umm, his bail is set at some thing, like $2 million. Or it might be pounds. It sounds like this takes place in Britain, but I'm not sure some of the characters have a British accent. So, set at 2 million pounds. And he's like, Well, my family is poor. Like my, my like Mom and Dad are poor. So they're not going to give me any money. And they don't really like me anyway from going to college. So they're not going to give me any money, but his wife is rich, but he was cheating on his wife. So I don't think he thinks that she's gonna give him the money either. His wife's rich because her parents are rich. And she would have to go to her dad. Then we kind of flip to ... umm ... I guess. Yeah, her, his wife is talking to her dad. And she does ask him for the money to get Jonathan out of jail. Jonathan de- So Jonathan's father in law goes to see Jonathan in jail. And Jonathan ... umm... He says like, look, I think you're guilty. And Jonathan's gonna try to defend himself he’s Like, I don't like you anyway, I think you're guilty. Why don't you just like, I'm gonna get you out because my daughter, your wife, asks for so little. But she's asking for this right now. So I'm gonna give it to her. So you're gonna get out of jail. I'm gonna pay your $2 million bail. Ridiculous. I mean, like, it's ridicu- uh yea anyway. And we kind of zoom in at Jonathan's child, Jonathan and his wife's child, at school. And he goes to some kind of prep school it looks like with the victim's child. And he bumped into him accidentally as he's going to class. And he sa-says, Hi, and he tries to like, give his hand out and then he says, I'm sorry for bumping into you. And then he gets called to the principal's office who was asking about the interaction. Because, you know, because I guess it was awkward. And somebody saw it, and they must have thought he was harassing him. And so he's tells him like look, I just kind of bumped into you tha- I bumped into the- the other kid. And I said, I was sorry, because I bumped into him, but I was being courteous and it’s one of the five C's charity, something something something and courtesy, I was being, I was saying it out of courtesy. And I think that's the end of the first half. And then we go to the second half. And Jonathan is talking to his wife in public on a walk and he's like, trying to convince her like, I think that, you know, to-to be his loving wife again, but she's like, No, I'm just here to like do this and like pretended to, not to pretend to be your wife but to act as your wife, because I don't know like, she feels some sense of duty I guess, to him. She's not really sure whether he did it or not. But he, like tries to hug her and hold her close and she's like, No stop, and she's crying and she doesn't like it. And, and what happened . . . .  Oh, yeah. So then she's out at night doing kind of one of her walks or something. And we see the victim's husband kind of step into frame. And it looks like he's stalking her maybe. But I couldn't tell. Exactly. And then, Jonathan's wife is walking through a park and sees a bunch of people. And she, she sees a bunch of kids and kind of like, everything goes tunnel vision for her and she blacks, she - she passes out and she goes to the hospital. She wakes up with her father and her son there. And they're concerned about her and when Jonathan walks in. And he's asking, are you okay? Because he, I think he used to be a doctor, he takes out like a pen light and like asks her to look at both eyes. And she's like, No, I don't like this stop. But she kind of eventually just, whatever, ya know, I'm gonna look at the light and pretend you're a doctor who loves me still and You know? So she kind of goes, goes along with it. She points to her nose, and then his finger and then his finger nose. It’s Like, okay, I think you're okay. The doctors did a good enough job, and she’s like whatever. . . umm... umm... [UNCLEAR] . . . Okay, what neeexxt? Maybe this is where her kid actually gets called into the office, not sure. The sequence of events is now like blurry for me. Goodness. Okay, so at some point in time. Jonathan's wife is talking to her father. And she's like, this is, you know, my fault or something. And she's like I wanted. I always just wanted like a good family like you. She says talking to her dad had with my mom. And her dad says, look I, ya- we did not have a good marriage. I cheated on your mom all the time. And she's like, what? No. Impossible. And it's like, yeah, this is probably why your view of marriage is so fucked up. Sorry, that was the first time that I cursed. This is why your view of marriage is so messed up is because I was cheating on your mom all the time. She's like, no, you show- you loved mom. You showered her with gifts all the time. He's like, Yeah, I brought those gifts back after each time I cheated on your mom because I felt so guilty about it. And I wanted to make things better. And I was going to try and I bet she hated those gifts. Because they basically represented me cheating for her . . .  And so she has a real hard time handling that she's kind of mad at her father, obviously now for cheating on her mom all the time. And then Jonathan goes to see the victim's husband. The victim’s, he like knocks on their door. And the victim's husband opens the door. And he says, you know, can I come in and talk and he's like, kind of- he slams his-the door in his face. But Jonathan sticks his foot in the- in the door and to keep them from doing it he's like please, please, please and he's like fine he lets him in. Jonathan, First thing he does is he like goes over to the kid. He goes over to the victim's child who's sitting there like eating or something. And he like tells him I did not do this to your mom and you've gotta believe me, and the victim’s fa- The victim's husband is obviously upset. He's like, don't talk to my kid. Like, I think you could have done this Don't try to convince my kid. There-That's not right, and then he tells his kid to go to his room and like . . . And he’s-Jonathan starts talking to the victim's husband. And they hear a baby's cry from the other room. And the the victim's husband says, oh, it's time for her to be fed. And he goes, and he picks up the baby who’s a little girl, and they talk about how cute she is. And then all of a sudden, they're like, by the- They don't say it this way. But it's like, by the way, it's your kid Jonathan, from having an affair with my wife. And he asks her-Jonathan, if he would like to hold her, and he’s like yeah and if he would like to feed her and Yes, Jonathan. Oh, is this the first time you've seen her? And he says, No, I-I've seen her before. I've held her before. And then the husband talks to Jonathan, and He’s like look I-I really wish I could love this baby the way that I-I want to, But I'm having a hard time because she’s a representation of my wife, my wife's affair with you. And Jonathan says, well, I could take the baby from you if you wanted And then they don't show what else happens. Like they don't see like You don't see the answer after that. Like what- if he says yes or no, but then You see Jonathan, in the office with the lawyer, and the lawyer is talking to Jonathan, and she's like, What in God's name, do you think you were doing going to see the the the husband of the victim? That's witness tampering? And like, you're gonna, you're not gonna convince him? And she's like, of course, you think you could convince him because you're so handsome and You always get your way. And she like, kind of tries to seduce him I think. And. And he's, he's, like, kind of he just like, doesn't say anything, But in like a- an awkward enough way. Where he’s like Did I pass your test? And she's like, Yeah that one. Because I don't know, that was an odd- yea that was an odd interaction. But like, I guess she was like, trying to make sure that he was like, not going to try to just like, be a womanizer, every which way. Oh At the very beginning, when he sees the lawyer in jail, she asks him, like, how many other affairs were there? And he's like, just he’s like there-there was one other affairs, and she's like, okay, so what about the other affairs? And He’s like, no, no, no, just the one. And So maybe she was trying to test like, Was he really like truthful about this, how much of a womanizer is he she wants to know everything before they get to trial? She doesn't want it to seem extra bad. And then they decide, okay, we're gonna go, we're gonna go on national television. Because we're gonna go on, you know, everybody knows about this anyway. And so the ju-jury pool is kind of tainted a little bit against us, because everybody thinks like, you're just like, some rich snob who Obviously killed, like and you’re womanizer, because you're having an affair. And obviously, you're the bad guy who killed this woman. And so you-you've got to be the person who killed her. And so if you go on TV, and the interview starts with him, and the lawyer and the interviewer on national television, and she's like, okay, so why do you agree like, what do you want people to see? And he’s like, I guess I just want them to see the truth. And asks him like, Okay. W-What happened and he’s, everybody's watching his fam, Jonathan's family's watching. The victim's family is watching. Everybody's watching. I I am gonna like break this back up soon. There were some other parts in between, where the wife's friend called her and talked to her asking like, Oh, do you, how much support do you need? Like, are you know, am I being she talks to the wife's father who says like, how is she actually doing? And I don't know. She wants to know how and she calls and tried to be like, good supportive, when she's in the hospital, She's like, of course, like you went over from stress what would be stressful in your life sarcastically so that like therefore like, obviously all this stuff going on is what's what’s making you stressed because the doctor said that stress is probably what caused your panic attack slash like passing out. Okay, so going all the way back to now at like at the end on national television he's Jonathan's talking to the interviewer and he gets really upset and is like everyone. Oh, she's saying like, Oh, you're acting like you're the victim here because the cops are blaming you, and he’s like, no, no, I I brought this on myself. It was bad, but I think everyone forgets. And then she gets he gets really upset. And he's like, What is everyone? The interviewer says, What does everyone forget? And Jonathan like, Composes Himself. And then he says everyone forgets some-that I lost somebody that I admired like referring to the victim, the person he was having an affair with and his wife sees this and she's like, Oh my god, are you kidding me? Well she-she's not- Like, she's obviously like really upset. It's not like a sarcastic oh my god, are you kidding me? It's like, a, a, fuck, sorry. This is weird. I don't usually curse this much. Anyway and So at some point, though, like, oh and when he goes back to to see when Jonathan was going back and seeing the victim's husband, he's like, stay away from my wife. I don't, I don't remember the wife actually seeing the the the hus-the victim's husband on her like odd morning walk. But obviously she must have and then told Jonathan at some point. It seemed like that happened off screen. I don't know. And, yeah, and and so he's like, Oh, do you have an idea of who it might be? And he's like, yeah, and, like, that's the dramatic end, but it's obviously I think implying that he thinks that her husband did it out of like jealousy with him. Let's see. Is there anything I forgot to mention? When Jonathan sees the husband and their apartment, like it's not as fancy of an apartment because they're not as well off. But their son still goes to the fancy school. The Son’s wearing headphones. I feel like there's something important I missed. That must have just been like like the Stay away from my wife sort of thing and he's like, the way you stayed away from my wife. And I think that’s it. I'm done. 