Okay, so we started like the episode with seeing the wife walk around, and she’s like walking through the streets of New York City. Um, you don't really get an idea of what, it looks like it's a flashback, and then you're in the lawyer's office. And the lawyer’s asking her like, why the heck was she walking so close to where, uh, the girl was murdered. And she didn't really have a great explanation other than she likes to do nightly walks. Um, which, I guess makes sense, you know, if you're a bit of a stressed out person you're walking around. Um, and the lawyer was like, well, lucky for you, we have way more evidence for your husband than they do on you, so like, they're not really focused on you anyways, but still, you walking around near the murder, bit weird? Um, and like, you're kind of left on that, but they don't really touch on it there. They just kind of leave it at that. Um, and then she starts talking to her about like, is there anything else you're hiding from me? And she's like, No, of course not. Like, why would I have something to hide? And this is when you're kind of first introduced that she comes from like a really privileged family, because lawyer starts giving like, a long diatribe about how like privileged people hide stuff, and they want to keep their status and basically just the whole rich privilege rant, um, and you're like oh okay, so she's rich. Umm, and this lawyer is probably a high profile lawyer. Um…and she like assures the lawyer that she doesn't know anything, but she wants to know why the lawyer’s kind of like…uh berating her so much, I guess berating is a strong word. But basically why she's asking so many questions and lawyers like, oh, well, the trial kind of hinges on how you do, maybe, like, there's a chance that like, it hinges on how you do, um. Oh and one of the questions like she was really going in on was like, the girl who died. Uh, she was wanting to know why she thought the husband was kind of violent, or like a little unhinged, um, and the girls like, I don't know, I just kind of got a vibe, I kind of got this vibe that he's a bit angry. Uh, but like, she couldn't really pin down something specific so the lawyer like kind of is like, well, you're a clinical psychologist, I think that's what she said, a clinical psychologist. Um, so like, give me your analysis of the situation. And she basically was like, I don't know, he just kind of seemed aggressive. Um, and that's where the conversation of like, why are you asking so many questions came up. Um, and lawyers like, oh, well we need you to testify. And the wife was all li-he like, Heck no, I'm not testifying like you're not getting me on that stand. And like we cut out of that scene. Um, and then we see the girl I think she's like, named Fletcher Ms. Fletcher , but I think, I don't remember her first name. But we see her like go home to like her obviously like super wealthy family. Like we got maids. We got like long, ridiculous dining tables. And her dad's just sitting there with his like really fluffy eyebrows and like just looking like a rich man. Um, and she's like, I need some support. I don't like this lawyer, and you're kind of like, closed off. Umm, and I just want to feel supported. And the dad was like, you know, like, okay, but, but this whole conversation gets interrupted by the police showing up. And it's very clear that the girl is like, done with the police thing in her life cause she is not happy to see them. Um, and they just kind of have like that typical like New York cop stereotype vibe. Anyways, of like a ew we’re bad guys and we’ve got bad guy questions to ask. And they were like, uhh, we found out that you've gotten a lot of phone calls from Eleanor, which is the girl who died. Uh, we got a lot of phone calls from Eleanor and you didn't like how well did you know her? And Ms. Fletcher was like, uhh not at all. I I never talked to her a day in my life. Um, which seems believable, because the cops back it up by saying like, Yeah, you never answered it. But she's like super defensive. Umm, and like angry. I don't know if she's angry because she's just tired of the cops or if she's like angry about this line of questioning. Cause you can kind of hear it in her voice when she's like, umm I always assume it's a spam call. Like it's very, like aggressive compared to how she was talking to the lawyer previously. Um, but uh basically, like she said, she never answered the cops are like okay, yea I guess but why is there this painting of you in the um in Eleanor's studio or in her basement? And, uh, the girl looks pretty freaked out. But like, you can't really tell if it she's freaked out because, um, she has been found out or if like she didn't even know this was going on. But we cut to another scene. Uh, her and her husband are now walking along the boardwalk, a boardwalk somewhere like near a river. And, um, they're like discussing why in the world this painting exists because her husband was sleeping with her, presumably, she-he knows why Eleanor has a painting of her. And the husband's like nah, uh, I knew she was a bit crazy. I knew she was a bit obsessed with you. But I don't know why she had that painting. Like, that's a bit weird. Um, and that's kind of the only explanation we get. Because beyond that, them two just start arguing about like, their marriage and how they'll make it through together. And, umm, he's all like, gaslight-y, and like, I love you. We can never be taken apart. And she's like, yo dude, not only are you accused for murder, but you definitely cheated on me. Like, why are we even having this discussion? And then he does one of those like, ugh just hold me and she's like, not having it. She’s like I’m a strong independent woman who does not need to have this conversation with you. And then they kind of like end it there, but then they keep walking. Uh, I don't know why she's still walking with him if she's so pissed off, but I guess it is what it is. Umm, and then… we cut…to ugh…oh. I think we go to a scene where like, she's talking to her dad. And she's like…Oh, wait I missed some stuff I missed when he was like, still in jail. Oh Okay, wait. So, umm, there's a scene where like, the lawyer is talking to, uh, Mr. Fletcher in jail, and we find out that he definitely had a another girl that he had been unfaithful with prior to Eleanor, who has been murdered, but only one. Um, the lawyer kind of gives him the same rundown of like, hey, you need to be honest with me. Uh, tell me the truth, um, all that and he kind of just brushes it off and does his thing. And then we cut to the scene where like, umm, the girl was talking to her dad, and she was like, I need $2 million dollars to get him out of jail. Umm…and his family couldn't put up any money for the $2 million dollars. We find out during the prison scene because he's estranged from his family for some reason. And it's implied  They're pretty poor. So he gives like a very like Gatsby-esque experience of like, he comes from nothing. And he probably lied his way to like the top or  atlike, upper echelons of society. Like that's kind of the vibe you get. Um, but anyways, Miss ma'am, is like talking to her dad. And she's like, Can I have the $2 million dollars Daddy, please. And they're like in the middle of an art museum, which is a very weird place to have this conversation. Um, but he does, but not before going to the prison himself looking Mr. Fletcher dead in the eyes and being like, I think you killed her. I'ma let you out because I love my daughter, but I think you killed her. And if you do something to hurt my daughter or anyone, like I'ma kill you. Um, which, fair enough. Um, but he does pay the $2 million, he gets out of jail. Um, we have like the whole journalism scene, which kind of lets us know that this case is very high profile cause like they can't even walk or they’re being full swarmed by reporters. Umm, and then boardwalk, all that stuff I already talked about. Umm… so…and then like, She also tells her dad about, umm, her son being like, at risk at school, and we see a scene where like, he accidentally bumps into the boy who is the son of the girl who was married Eleanor, umm, a-and the son of the Fletcher's I swear, I hope I'm getting that name right. Um, but the son of the Fletcher's, um…and the son of Eleanor both go to the same school. Fletcher’s son accidentally bumped into Eleanor’s son? And there's like a whole scene of like, Oh, my goodness, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to bump into you. But, um, I don't know why. Eleanor’s son can't talk. But he doesn't say a word. He just like stares blankly out at the sun. And then there's a scene where the headmister, I'm assuming he’s the headmister is like, what why are you talking to him? Why did you bump into him and so we kind of give some foreshadowing there. But Eleanor is telling her dad like hey, they want to kick my son out of school, presumably because it's awkward as heck. (laughs) The child of a…uh dude who murdered said murder victim. Like I'm sure that's just awkward school politics. So that's probably a part of it. And like, assuming it's as a Richie Rich school like it's coming off to be they don't want the publicity around. That’s kind of the implication that’s being had. But the dad also goes to the school and that's when we're introduced to Eleanor's blond haired friend we're not given a lot of details about her but it's clear that she really cares about Eleanor and has a daughter around a similar age. So like, they’ve probably been friends for a bit. Umm…and then that friend…um is like kind of a support system throughout the episode. So that's when we’re introduced to her. And that whole like kind of conflict with the school and then we see Eleanor walking at night, and or not Eleanor miss Fletcher's walking at night through the park. And for some reason, Eleanor's husband is like creepster Following her, umm, it's not really ever explained why he's just like vibin’ behind some trees doing some detective like nonsense like staring at her while she walks through the forest. And she kind of senses this. But we don't ever see that she sees him. We just kind of get the vibe that she senses she's being watched and then boom cut we're somehow in the daytime, she's still walking. I don't know if this is all the same walk or if these are separate instances but she's still walking. And then it starts to snow. And like there's a  like a group of kids and she has like a weird Fantasy Zone out moment. The snows going backwards. The world's moved slow. And then boom, she just like knocks out 
Umm…which is a lot. But, uh, we cut to her like her in the hospital, her son and her dad has like rushed to see her. Um, she seems fine. Uh, the sons obviously worried for his mother. And like, of course, his dad was just in jail now his mom's like passing out all over New York City. Umm, and then her dad is like, you know, there vibin. And then the husband like comes bustin in running huffing and puffing like, huh, let me check you out. Let me do an eye scan. Let me make sure you're okay. So I'm been guessing we're supposed to kind of get the idea that like he really cares about her from this scene. Um, but he's there, he's supported. He's holding her hand and the Dad looks pissed. The dad is like, I don't like none of this. But the son it's like clear that he's hopeful his parents are gonna get back together cause he looks very happy about it. Umm, And then…ooh what’s after that…Oh, then like the friend, the blonde friend I was talking about earlier. She like calls and she's like, Oh, my God. You just passed out in New York City. Are you okay? And Eleanor is like, or not Elanor the Fletcher girl is like kind of brushing it off. She's like, I'm fine. I'm good. You know, it's totally normal. I'm just a bit stressed. Umm, but they both agreed that they're gonna have a boozy drinking night together later to kind of like decompress and destress…whatever…um…I feel like. . . am I missing anything. I think we're on the right track. Um, next thing, you know, Fletcher murder dude ho-like, is bustin through the door of the husband of the girl he presumably murdered umm and he's like boom shovin his foot in like, let me in and this is the second time we've seen this dude cross some consent boundaries. So that's a bit sketch, but whatever. Um, he basically like all but forces himself into the home of the dude whose wife he cheated on and then maybe murdered for some reason? And then he starts like touching up on the boy because he used to be his doctor. And he's like, You look good. I didn't do this. I'm like, why would the son care? He's just out here vibin trying to do his homework in his like, place. Um, but a really interesting thing about this scene is we see that Eleanor clearly was like, not well off and probably living in like poverty. But like, in the weird m-TV way in which like, you can somehow own a really big studio apartment in New York City and before, uhh, you know what I mean like that kind of poverty. Umm..and uh he, like starts talking to the husband. And he's like, I didn't do this. You know, I didn't do this. You know, something wasn't right with Eleanor and like, we need to get to the bottom of it. And The husband rightfully so is like, my dude, uhh, You slept with my wife. Like, why would I want to help you? Like, I don't care? Umm, and then Fletcher was, like, well, whatever. Stay away from my wife though. (laughs) The dudes like, uhhhh, that's kind of like the pot calling the kettle black. Hello, the phone is ringing from inside the house. Could you not say that to me? But this isn't really addressed because a baby starts crying. And then you're like, whose baby is this? Umm, but they walk back there. And it's definitely his baby, uh, Mr. Fletcher, not the husband because that baby young, that  baby like newborn. Umm, and then he like confirms this cause he's like, do you want to feed your daughter and he's like Daddy's home, which is mad, awkward. Like, big, awkward, because the son is like, right there His son is like the right right there. And I don't know if that's the conversation we need to be having in front of your son, but what-ever. And they have like a whole moment where he's like, have you met her before? Um, have you fed her before? Uh, and Mr. Fletcher is like Yeah, yeah I have Like, no shame. This dude doesn’t even like, pretend to lie to this dude, but whatever. Umm, and then the dad’s like, the dad, and the husband of Eleanor is like, umm it's hard for me to love her. Which, (laughs) yeah, fair enough. Um and then Fletcher basically, um, offers to take the daughter, which like, what are you going to do take the baby to jail with you dude but whatever. Um, and then we cut to Fletcher in the Law Office with his attorney. And she's like, uhhh my dude, you just broke like, so many rules and broke the like rules of your bail by going to see that guy. Um because that's called witness tampering. And he was like, I didn't think it was that big of a deal, which again, shows us this dude has no concept of boundaries or any respect for boundaries cause he’s like laws who needs them. Um, but the lawyer (laughs) is like uh, oh, so you're one of these kind of guys. You're charming, you're handsome, you've kind of always gotten by by like talking your way out of situations. So again, we're getting kind of alluded to that this guy has kind of had a privileged life, um, through his looks, and maybe his ability to manipulate people, but not the same kind of privilege as his wife where it like, comes from money, because like, that's not really brought up. It's just his looks and his like charisma. Um, and then she was like, You thought you could change this guy's mind. You think you're that charismatic that you can, um, change his mind? And then they have like, a weird sexual tension moment, that like, isn't really explained. But like, she's like, Oh, I I don't know. It was weird. It was sexual tension-y And then Fletcher kind of like rebuffs, it and is like, Nah, I'm good. fam. And she was like yeah it was a test, you passed the test. It it it was strange. I didn't really get the point of it. But whatever. They basically come to an agreement that he needs to go on national television. Because like, kind of like the Johnny Depp, Amber Heard case, like it is whole case is being like, in the media, and it's occurring in the media. So if they don't, uh, also present their case, um, after he's kind of been lambasted by the media, that that'll maybe taint the jury pool or effect the way the jury looks at him. And if he can go on the media and kind of show his side of the story about without being cross examined, he can kind of get ahead of this. So they do…um you see him on…the…news indescript news program. It's not very specific. Um, and…he's like talking about how, uh, he definitely didn't kill her, um, he loved her…How does this even begin? I'm trying to remember how this like whole newscast went, but the gist is, it's like he starts doing some sob story nonsense, where he's like, crying and talking about how much he loved her, which is kind of weird, because this whole time he's been implying how much he loves his wife and wants to go back to his wife. But now he's like crying on national television. Like I loved Eleanor and I lost her too. And I felt like I was the cause of her death, because us sleeping together is probably what caused, um, whoever to murder her to murder her. So I don't know if he's like, implying his wife did it or the husband, but he's definitely implying one of those two did it. Um, and he was saying, like, the police aren't doing their full job because, umm you know, they're blaming it on me and the lawyer’s saying like, it's an election year, they want to, like, get this off quickly, no matter who it hurts. Um, and they're both basically backing up his side. And the whole time. It's like cutting to his wife, the f-blonde friend, the dad and the Son, like in a room watching this. And like, he don't care who's getting hurt by what he's saying. He doesn't care that his wife and his son are definitely watching this or his ex wife are definitely watching this He's just like, yeah, I loved her. Um, and I'm so hurt that I loved her so you can kind of see that he has a disregard for their feelings for the sake of his own innocence. Umm, and then, like the whole episode ends with, um, him basically being asked, does he know or does he think he knows who killed her and he's like I do. Okay, yea I’m done…(laughs) Sorry that was probably a bit long. 


