Okay, so the scene opens up with Jonathan's wife and she's walking through the park. And then the scene cuts to Jonathan's lawyer in which she shows Jonathan's wife pictures of her walking um, walking down the street. Jonathan's wife initially said that she would walk the streets at night to clear her head. But the lawyer was, um, kind of accusatory and ['insisted she stop'?] her activity and claimed that she may have had something to do with the woman's murder. Although the wife claimed that she didn't have any involvement, the lawyer wasn't truly, truly impressed with her answer, it seemed as though she was still pretty suspicious. And then I believe it cuts to a conversation that Jonathan's wife had with her father at his home to discuss Jonathan's case and his level of innocence as well as his loyalty to his wife. It's clear at this point that there is some contention in the marriage between Jonathan and his wife but it's unclear as to why there's contention. And it's obvious that Jonathan's wife's father, or Jonathan's father in law, was unimpressed with Jonathan's behavior, it seemed. Then the episode cuts to, I believe Jonathan in prison, and two prison guards take him through that prison to a common area where the prisoners can speak to loved ones or whoever comes to visit them. And Jonathan's father in law had come to visit to threaten him basically and say that he was not worthy of his daughter and he was pretty sure that he did it. And he was just not going to be on Jonathan's side. And he leaves. Jonathan is sent back to his cell, and then I believe the episode cuts to Jonathan and his wife's son at school. And he accidentally runs into Miguel Alves, who is the son of the murdered woman. The exchange was brief. Just a sorry, I've ran it to you and oh crap, this is who you are. I'm sorry, walks away. The next scene cuts to Jonathan's son, he is in the principal's office. And he's being told that he's going to be removed from school until the conflict has been resolved as in Jonathan's case. I'm done. Yes, that was it. Oh that's all right. No worries. It's a little loud in here. Okay. Okay, thank you.