Okay, so the show or the episode started with Grace, which is the wife of the accused. She was walking across the street, it was a very dark street. And it was actually on the street, of- where the woman that was killed lives with her husband and their son.Um, so they show her walking across the street. And then it turns out, those are images of her crossing the street, it pans in to the scene of her talking to their attorney. The wife, Grace was, I think was wearing an orange coat. She had voluminous like big curls, and like a very, like pinkish red lipstick on. And then the attorney was an African American woman, and she had like a buzz cut. And she looked very, like serious, like someone that you couldn't mess with. She showed her those images of her crossing the street, and she was like, you know, you cross the street at the or like you were there basically, at the same time that this lady, I believe her name is Elizabeth was murdered. And Grace responds to that saying that she was just taking a walk. That's how she deals with shit. And that was kind of the end of that. And then during that conversation, Grace does mention that she, you know, doesn't think her husband is a murderer, even though, you know, he's a bad person. He didn- he cheated on her, but she doesn't think he's a murderer. And the attorney specifically talks about how they’re rich white people and will kind of do anything to like, cover shit up so that they still look good in society. The next scene was the husband himself in jail. They show the bars and they kind of open the door. And he has a little bruise, I believe under his right eye and he's wearing like a grayish it's not like a jumpsuit, it looks more like scrubs, I believe. But he comes out and he sits down to talk to the same attorney. And they're having a conversation about it. And like, again, she's not taking any shit and she's very like, firm. He tells her he's innocent. He didn't do it. Also, I believe this was actually the first thing she said she asks right away, like, where sh-he got the bruise from. And then he said like, one of his friends like hurt him or whatever. And then she goes, so you bit the person right or whatever. And he's like, Yeah, I did. And then I think she tells him that he like can't do that. But yeah, so he talks about how he’s innocent and how he didn't hurt her. And then the next scene, we see the school in which the sons of both the individuals go to so like Jonathan's son or - Yeah, so Jonathan's son, and Henry, and then the lady, I think Elizabeth's son, Miguel. So we see Henry run through the gate, and he like bumps into Miguel. And it's like, kind of awkward, and he immediately goes, sorry. And Miguel is just like, staring at him with a blank expression. They're both in their like navy blue school uniforms. And then John or Henry says, like, hi, and I believe he extends his hand out, and Miguel just doesn't react. So then Henry keeps going, turns around and keeps going, and he goes into the principal's office. And the principal is like talking to him about the situation. And he asked specifically, like, What did you say to Miguel or whatever? And he says, I said, Hi. And then he goes, You said hi. And then he goes, I said, Sorry first and then the principal was like, why'd you say sorry, and he goes, I bumped into him. And then he goes, I followed one of the five Cs and he says, like the five C's and the last one is courtesy. So he was being courteous, like he was being, he was following that C by apologizing to Miguel for bumping into him he says, but it does seem like he's apologizing for more than that. We also see the, Jonathan's father in law, so Grace’s father who practically despises Jonathan at this point. Jonathan and- or sorry, the father and Grace are sitting down. And Grace basically asked her father to help her out and pay for Jonathan's bail. Johnathan’s bail was set at $2 million. So she asks for help. So then the father in law goes and visits Jonathan now in jail, and he sits down and he goes, like, basically tells them he doesn't like him, he doesn't support him blah blah blah. But he's just like, for the first time in my daughter's life, she's asked me for help and I can't say no. So he basically is telling him he's going to pay for the bail. But then he tells him like if he tries to flee, if he does anything else that would hurt his daughter, he will, like, personally kill him. So that scene ends over there. And then, later, Jonathan goes to visit, Jonathan goes to visit Elizabeth's like husband Fernando, I believe. And he goes in there and like Fernando's pretty like aggressive and he's just like you need to leave like blah blah blah and then like, Jonathan kind of ignores him and goes to Miguel. And he's like, I didn't kill your mother. I'm sorry for your loss. But I didn’t do it. He's like, he needs to know that, and Fer- and like, you need to know that too and Fernando’s like you need to leave. And then Jonathan still isn't leaving and then the baby girl starts crying. So Fernand goes and picks her up, and goes, this is your daughter. And then he's like, do you want to feed her? So Jonathan says yes. So he's feeding this baby girl. And, ya know, he's looking at her very lovingly. She was, I think, wrapped in like a pink swaddle. Like that type of thing, and he takes her little hat off too, and he's like, let's see you or whatever. Fernando goes, you know, she's yours, and Jonathan’s like I do. And then he says, have you seen her before? And he goes yea I have, and then Fernando confesses that, like, it's been hard to love her. I'm assuming that's because you know, it's not his own. Just been really hard to love her. And Jonathan offers, he's like, I can take her. So then that scene ends over there. Also, I believe that Fernando and Elizabeth live between like a laundromat or like they live between like two well lit like stores. One of them might be a convenience store. But yeah, so they live on that street. And then in the next scene, he is talking to the attorney and he goes back to the attorney, she's wearing a very, like, light blue button down, just like tucked into her like, dark navy-ish pants. And he tells her what she-he did. And she starts yelling at him. She's like, that's like trying to tamper with evidence, like, how could you do that? And he was like, Well, I didn't try to manipulate him at all. I just like went and visited. And then she was just like, you were just hoping that he would change his mind and stuff. And like, he kind of agrees to that. And then the attorney kind of makes an advance at Jonathan. And he's kind of just like, nice try, whatever. And then her assistant comes in, and she brings in a tray, with like, two coffee, like, I think there were glass mugs. And like a kettle basically. And he's just thank you to her. Also, the attorney says that they should go on the news, and they should like you know present like him in the right light. Also, at one point, she does suggest taking the plea. And he's just like, I'm not taking the plea, like, I’m not guilty. He's very adamant about it. And she's like, it's better like, than the other option, basically. And then he's like, No, I'm not taking it. Like listen to me right now. I'm not taking it because I'm not guilty. So then the next scene, I believe, is Grace playing chess with her dad. And her dad actually confesses to not being faithful to their, her mom, basically. Because Grace is just like, you know, I want I just wanted a family. I just wanted to life like you and mom had And he's just like, no you don't like I wasn't faithful to your mom. And then she's like, What do you mean? Like, you were such a good husband like you, you loved her. You worshipped her. You bought her presents flowers, you were devoted to her and stuff and then he starts like crying a little and He's like, no, like I was, I wasn't honorable. Like, I wasn't loyal to her. And then he's like, I don't want your life to like turn out like mine type of thing. And like, I don't want you to just forgive him type of thing. And then she just she gets like, kind of mad. And she's just like, how weak do you think I am? And we see that on the side. Henry is actually listening to this, I think like through stairs because there was like bars basically in front of his face. And then the next scene is the TV show. Interview. So Jonathan, and the attorney goes, by the way in the scene, when they were talking, she does say like, you know, I’ll, with me by your side, like we'll get the statement basically. So then they go on the show, and they're basically the host is like asking questions, and she's just like did you kill her basically, and Jonathan’s like, no I didn't. And he kind of starts insinuating that Fernando did it, because he kind of just started saying, like, but maybe someone was jealous or they like, wanted what we had type of thing or like so he started insinuating that and we actually see Fernando just like, watching the TV, it's like dark in his room, he's holding on to the baby girl, and we just see him kind of look shocked. And then we also see the his wife Grace, watching the show with with her son, and her dad, and I believe I think it was like two other girls there. I think, I’m assuming they're her friends? Speaking of friends, I believe a scene or two before this, she is walking in the park Grace is walking in the park, and there's like a bunch of kids. And she's like, reaching out, I think, it looked like a little bit of snow in her hand. And then she kind of faints and just like falls down. And these two little girls are like looking over her. And then the next scene, they're in the hospital, she’s in the hospital. And her dad is there, her son Henry’s there. And then we see Jonathan run in and he looks so tense so nervous, and He’s just like what's going on, and stuff. And he- she was just like, the doctors think it was just like a panic attack, like I just blacked out. And then he insists that he kind of does his own checkup on her. So he like takes out his little flashlight, he makes her open her eyes to look at the light and then like follow his finger. And then he says like, touch my finger, touch your nose, touch my finger, touch your nose. Okay, he goes okay I think you’re good. Also a couple scenes before this, sorry, I'm all over the place. But a couple of things before this, too. We see them walking. And they're kind of just like talking about this. And like, you could see that he definitely felt remorse. And he like, hugged her and he's like, crying basically. And like talks about what they had. But anyway, going back to the show, he kind of is like, accusing Fernando and like but he doesn't say his name specifically. And then they-he says that, like he didn't kill her. And then he starts like crying like very intensely. And he's just like, you know, I lost someone I love like basically like being accused didn’t make like the grief any easier, basically. And you could see Grace watching this on TV and just getting like, mad and then like, kind of like tearing up and stuff. You can see that Henry's kind of uncomfortable. And they're like the friends are there too speaking of the friends, One of them did, like call her and was like, oh, like what happened? And she says I just had a panic attack. And the friend goes, Oh, really like what's going on in your life, like kind of sarcastically and she just like laughed. And then she was like, sometime this week, like, come over and have like a boozy sleepover. And Grace says like, I would like that. But back to the talk show. He-so he says like he really loved her. He lost someone he loved and stuff. And then basically, he's just like, I do feel guilty though. I feel like I was the cause of her death, and then it ends with him Saying that doesn't mean I did it. Like I could have been the cause in the sense maybe that their relationship could have been the cause, but he’s kind of just like yeah, I could have been the cause, and then the host was like do you know who did it? And then he was like I do I think that's where the show ends I'm done. 