So the episode begins with Grace walking around the outside of the building where Alana was murdered. Late at night she was captured on a couple security cameras, which is then presented in the next scene when she meets with her family lawyer. I believe Haley was her name to discuss her role in the upcoming proceedings. Grace says she's just going for a walk to keep herself grounded to clear her head. And her lawyer says this is not a good look but all of the evidence at the moment clearly points to Jonathan her husband and not to her but they believe that grace is withholding information. Grace says that she’s not and her lawyer calls her out on you know, being a rich person who would withhold information just to keep her family status well. Going into the next scene. I believe this time is when we Yes, it's when Jonathan meets up with the lawyer. And she discusses what's happening. She's gonna get him off on a $2 million bail. And But she begins asking questions like was Alana the only woman that she had an affair with. Jonathan then says, after a brief moment of silence, and hesitating. And the lawyer saying that she will find out even if she does not tell him, she- he then says that there was another woman a couple of years back that slept with him as a comfort after he had lost a patient. It cuts from there with a brief moment on both him and the lawyer from there. It was yes, it was Grace meeting with her father to discuss the $2 million bail. He is hesitant to do so. And then we get the next scene where he actually goes to no I spoke out of order. I believe the next scene to happen is actually when their son Henry bumps into Miguel. He was running into the classroom building, Very hurriedly the schoolbuilding or it was a classroom. He bumped into Miguel; it is very awkward moment. Miguel does not speak. Henry says I'm sorry, uh Hi, Before running off again. It then goes to a scene with Henry I believe it is Dean or his principal’s office discussing what just happened. The Principal asked what happened. He's he tells what happened. He ran into him. He said hello. Sorry before running off. The next scene is actually the the scene where Grace asks her father Franklin for the $2 million bail. They discuss. He discusses how he feels about Jonathan. Before the scene cuts to Jonathan, not Jonathan, Franklin walking up to the prison people getting on the prison bus. Franklin comes into the pris- visiting- visiting room and talks with Jonathan they discuss. He discusses that his wife thinks he's innocent. He's wife Grace, but Franklin does not think he’s Innocent. He says that if he lets him out on bail, and if anything happens, if he tries to run, tries to do anything else, he will kill him himself. Franklin will kill him. Actually going back to the visitation scene with the lawyer I just remembered that he had mentioned he had bit a police officer and he got punched in the face. That's where the bruise came from. After Jonathan agrees to later back in the scene, Franklin after they have that moment, Frank-Jonathan says that he will. He won't run he won't do anything else. He will stand his ground. Franklin looks shaken before saying he's ready to leave,and being escorted out. As the cameras zooms out I believe the next thing that- yea the next thing that happens is Franklin, not Franklin. Jonathan is released. He- him and his wife and his lawyer are swarmed by reporters hovering over the detention center he says something along the lines of, I'm happy to be free. I’m Looking forward to clearing my name and myself in the court after that scene was I believe it was I believe yes, it was Grace walking in a park, clearing her head and Alana’s husband his name escapes me at the moment was walking in the park with, with her not directly with her but off in the distance. No, the next scene was actually Franklin and Grace sitting in their living room at Franklin's house before the police come back and ask more questions they accuse Grace of knowing Alana how well they actually knew each other. They discuss phone calls they may or may not have had. Before they show alan- grace, a oil painting they found in the basement of their- Alana's house, which shows a highly detailed oil painting of Grace, she becomes flustered and then, ya know, the scene ends. after that. It it goes to the walking scene with grace and alana’s  husband, I again forget his name but they walk he sees her and then they go their separate ways. The next scene is of Grace walking through the park during the daytime. The previous scene was early morning, probably prior to 7am probably like 6 ish. The next scene has her walking around, very dazed and confused. It Begins to snow and she's standing by a group of kids just playing around before one comes up and her vision begins shaking. She stares at a snowflake falling down to her hand before she collapsed and is surrounded by the kids. The next scene is Franklin and Henry going to her hospital bed to discuss now what just happened and to make sure she's okay. Before Jonathan runs in a few moments later. He comes in the the scene is very awkward. It is, ya know, a very awkward scene before he then goes to do a checkup on her himself. He shone a flashlight in his in her eyes. Did some basic, ya know, touch my finger touch you know back of my finger that kind of stuff before they hold hands. In a nice scene while Franklin is obviously very disturbed by that. The next scene I believe is I believe the next scene is ... I believe the next scene is Jonathan meeting with Alana’s husband and Miguel who was also his patient for hi- Miguel’s cancer treatment. He, ya know, he knocks on the door tries to bring himself in but, ya know, he The husband is obviously, ya know, very hesitant he thinks he killed her before he finally lets Jonathan in. Jonathan, ya know, walks over to Miguel and places his hands on his cheeks and saying you’re looking good, you’re strong. Miguel, I think begins to cry before his father, ya know, forces him back in his room. Jonathan and the husband began talking again. They begin, Jonathan begins pleading to him that I did not kill her, and something terrible has happened and he should keep an eye on my on my wife, my wife being grace. From there, He follows the husband into, I believe, the living room where a child is a baby is crying and we then find out that it isn’t his child but actually Jonathan and Alana’s child. He begins to pick her up, and ya know, hold her in his arms to make her to stop the crying before handing her to Jonathan with a bottle of milk for her to drink from. He holds her and the husband asks have you hold held her before? And He says yes Miguel, not Miguel, sorry the husband begins to discuss, you know how much he really wants to love her for her child. But it's hard, and He doesn't know how to handle it. And then Jonathan's like, I can take her off your hands, if that makes things easier for you, it then cuts to the lawyer's office with him being, ya know, yelled at. And You know, like, you can't do this, you can’t handle what you just can't wha-tamper with witnesses. He's like, I'm not I wasn't trying to tamper with any witnesses. I just wanted them to understand. They have a confrontation about it with both the lawyer and Jonathan standing face to face. The tension is there. They stare at each other before he says, Did I pass the test? She says Yes, barely. They then begin to discuss a plan while an assistant I assume, comes in drops off coffee. And the lawyer brings up the idea of, you know, what, if you go on television, you know, have an interview. Tell your side of the story and work your charm on them. The next scene, I believe is Grace and Frank playing chess late in the evening. Grace says, I meant Franklin says, I know something along the lines of I know you want a relationship like Franklin and her mother had. But he then begins to say that I've been un- I was on faithful, and I gave your mother so many gifts, so much love to hopefully have some kind of repentance for what he had done to her. And he says that's why he isn’t super fond of John, yea, Jonathan, because he reminds him so much of himself with Grace's mother. And he doesn't want someone like that To have Grace. Grace then slams all the chess pieces off the table and says, you know, how weak do you think I am as she storms off. We see Henry standing in, I guess the doorway, I believe, before running off to bed. And the next scene is I believe the final one with him being interviewed with that he sa- him in his lawyer are on a television show. I don't believe you're told the name. But he goes on. The la- the lawyer introduces him. And they talk about, you know, his side of the story, he’s like I'm covered with grief, I ran to the house to see her and found her like that. He discusses that he was in the medical- like in medical terms that he was in shock. And that he just ran because he believed that he was the cause of the murder without actually murdering her. During this time, we also see that his family, Henry, grace, Frank, I believe her sister, the woman was blonde and her child, and you see them watching this as he-he goes on to say that he believes Alana was killed out of a fit of jealousy and rage. At this point we cut to Alana’s husband and holding the child and we’re believe to think that Jonathan is referencing her, him sorry. But as the interview goes on, he talks about guilt and grief, and How loved Alana and the scene slowly cuts more and more into  im-implying Grace as the murderer instead of either himself or Alana’s husband before the scene ends. I'm trying to think if there's anything else but I believe that is as much of the episode I remember. I- I am done. I'm done. Good  