Okay, so chronologically, before the show was the murder, we didn't see that. But it's what everthing comes after in the show. And something that stuck out, that seemed important, umm, in the reading, and then it also came up later on in the show towards the end was just the fact that Jonathan ran away from the murder, like he came across, or whatever, we don't know ... if he had done it or had not done it ... but he wa- he was there. Whether he did or not, he was there before the police or anyone else; just him and the dead body of - of the, yea the, we'll call her ... or yea the, wow, the woman who was murdered. Umm ... and he ran away, but then came back to his family a little while later. So he didn't book it and run and then never come back. He, behaved more like it seeems he was a scared person who ran away ... because they were scared. And then when they weren't scared anymore, they came back. Umm ... so then the show starts off, umm ... with let's see, we have three characters at first. We have the, his estranged wife I don't remember anybody's names now except for Jonathan. So Jonathan's wife and her father, his father in law. Umm ... It becomes clear that they have a strained relationship. I guess it's called estranged and they, let's see, she kind of agrees with someone else who knows him. Not sure ... this guy's relationship but he's a fourth different character. They meet at a restaurant, the wife and him. And they talk about like yea this guy he's a total dick, but I don't think he's a murderer. So they kind of make a distinction between. Okay, yeah, we don't like him ... umm ... But this doesn't seem, this seems out of character. Ahh ... and then, let's see, we also meet in the, in the first half we meet the the defense attorney. But yea, Let's see. I guess she seems like a little bit of a less interesting character, because there's, we don't learn much from her. But she's, whatever, he-her work,  it's still to come. Umm ... What the ... the father of of Jonathan's wife, the the the father in- father in law.  Umm ... We learn ... okay early it's obvious that he doesn't like Jonathan, and that he really only obviously- he- ... he loves his daughter, he wants to do do everything for her sake. Umm ... And to that and it Seems like keeping Jonathan out of her life ... ahh ... maybe not completely like keeping him from being close to her is what he thinks is a good idea. And his daughter seems to be kind of on the same page, but also conflicted for sure. And that was obvious when when they are in the park or what not taking a walk on the, ya know where the water meets the land around the edge there and he ... umm ... whatever comes in to hold her head next to his and after they've been having kind of a conversation about like, you're not in my life. Which is what basically what she's saying. And he's just like, hey, I'm here. Like I'm actually ... like I am in your life, I'm here. It's It's It's a strange encounter for sure. He's a little bit forceful, and she's a little bit back and forth as to whether she's accepting his embrace or telling him off. Umm ... so yeah, though so there's something- obviously they're married and there's something between them still and her plan to be estranged, is easier said than done. Ummm ... but yeah, then meanwhile, her father is totally rooting heavily for them to not ever - to grow further and further apart. Because he accepts the fact that she's that she's got to play the role of the of the of the wife and it, this trial, and have a public face that shows support. She's almost like duty bound to that it's how she defines her role.  And then the father- she's, whatever, to show- ... he doesn't disagree with that, but he kind of is focused on what's maybe closer to the heart frankly than what she's showing the world ... [UNCLEAR] ... But I guess I'll come out and say that I think the father, not that he did it, but he has the most guilty, umm ... the most potential to be the guilty, yea to have done it, to have killed the other woman. Umm ... And whatever to go back to what we saw in the- ... in the show. This is now in the second half when he ... the father in law I guess in this case he's the father telling his daughter about his own marriage and kind of pulling back the curtain to what she saw as ideal and everything was fine. And He's like, Oh, no, I cheated on her all the time. And that's why I hate your husband. Because he did what I did. And he reminds me of me. He didn't say the word hate but yeah. He he he he whatever, Basically, just That's why I don't like him in so many words. So so he told us that he told us he doesn't like him and whoever murdered the, um ... the woman who was murdered ... umm ... they did it in a way that he showed up right after and he basically framed him... That could have been coincidence that he showed up unannounced because they have a secret relationship. And nobody else knew that he was gonna be there except for her and she's just happened to be dead. But Maybe it wasn't like that maybe somebody intentionally had the timing be ... He's there she's murdered which one, same time. Who knows, hard to tell. Probably him, no one else around, to make it look that way. So yeah, this isn't so much what they showed on the show. But what I've se-what I, what's noticing is that the father in law could have could have, he could have seen an opportunity to frame his son in law in a way that brings him down. For also, by the way, cheating on his daughter. So because of that element she doesn't go down with him if anything she gets sort of lifted up, away from him. Because he had, ya know, a ... a ... a hypothetical ... [UNCLEAR] ... Cheat on her and murdered someone which we don't know. So ... umm ... it's kind of brazen, and I don't know seems Pretty wild to do, but it it makes sense to get what the father in law is going for which is her his daughter's away from Hugh grant's character, Jonathan. Ya know at the low cost of murder I suppose I don't know seems yea, seems a little far fetched. So I don't even believe it, but but that, but of all the characters the father in law to me seemed the most likely to be the one who actually killed someone. He clearly holds the grudge against himself for what he did, and other people make him remind him of that and in a way it's like he's trying to make up for it. Maybe in some bizarre way freeing his daughter from that type of person is Good enough in his eyes to not notice that the cost was murder. But anyway, there's also the two boys who meet in the first half. And then one of them gets sent to the principal or something to explain why he said hello, clearly, it's like nothing out of out of the ordinary happened, but Everything is unordinary because of the context with, yea, those two kids. Their ... well yeah ... who's their mother, who's their father, how tha-ya know wa- one maybe killed the other one. One, one the parent of one child might have killed the parent of the other child so that's pretty, that's that's strange, not something kids are used to and unsurprising that they reacted in a or- acted in a like a weird way, but like I don't know. I don't understand why he was grilled by whoever that adult was asking him what happened and bringing it out in that moment with the five C's. and Courtesy being the reason why he said sorry to begin with. And then once he recognized who it was had to say something so said hello and then that was the end because the other guy didn't really want to talk to him. Yea the other guy that Little guy the, Alvarez comes to mind, that might be the last name. The child of the mother the woman who was killed and who-who now lives with his father and his sister who isn't, who is who is actually, we learn Jonathan's daughter so I guess, yea, whatever half sister or something, but it's, it happens Yea that's his sister... umm ... so, but he's, yea he's clearly like, ya know he's listening to his headphones just trying to kind of not be there but he's right smack in the middle of it all and Jonathan's I guess was his doctor or something had some sort of medical like I don't know maybe yea I think, I think that's right I think he treated him for cancer af- this was not part of the story ... probably in previous episodes or something. So I'm missing that fro- background story as far as the relationship between the child and ... umm ... he's not his son ... and Jonathan. But umm ... yea so it's tense when Jonathan shows up to their apartment, I think it was in the second half of the episode again and he, and he forcefully requests to come in... he comes and he puts his foot in the door so it can't be shut and he says please as if he's not pulling the door open against the will of the person. It's strange to say please, and and and like push somebody at the same time, but he's doing that move and ... he does enter the apartment ... and yeah, and I did not see that coming with the baby. He ends up feeding the baby and changing it's ... But the, yea the, so the husband of the woman who was murdered sh-he now is he's honest with him. Talks about how he has difficulty loving this child because well it's not his child it's it's the child it's the child of the man who cheated on his wife with him and his wife is now dead. And probably that guy thinks that Jonathan is guilty. Definitely a lot of emotion as far, ya know the betrayal and the blame that squarely does fall on Jonathan for ... umm ... coming between those two people who were married. Ya know yea, he he ... married with a child and then they have an affair so of course there's bad blood there. But yea I mean I think yea ... so he does not like Jonathan. He seems I guess to not totally be on on the ... he's not totally convinced he's ... not like screaming out at the top of his lungs that he's guilty so he seems to not know maybe about that but he sure knows he doesn't like him.  Then we just see a lot of reaction shots as they're watching the attorney and the ... ahh ... and Jonathan go on TV. The camera stayed with that, with the - I'll call him Alverez that's the name I had earlier I don't know if it's correct - but with the husband of the woman who was killed and Alverez he, the camera is on him more, more right before we are kind of cutting back and forth to Jonathan's like really distraught emotional moment there where he's saying how he lost someone he loved, by the way, as everyone's focused on, on him. And so- ahh, so the interviewer asks him if he knows who did it and he just says something like I have an idea. Umm ... It seems like we're ... the the the ... the way it's shot we-we're shown the Alverez' character more than anyone else. Also the, he's Jonathan's wife, but yeah I personally don't think Jonathan's wife did it. Umm ... That was the first hunch and over the course of the story I dismissed it and replaced it with his father her father in law. Yea, yea the so I kind of skipped over the attorney character. I don't quite understand their relationship it seems like they don't work well together. But ... umm ... I I'm not sure how because at one point I thought they called her a public defender and it seems like he's a pretty wealthy guy who would not who would not, would choose a lawyer rather than be assigned a public defender.  I don't understand what was going on with those two and their approach. But she seemed to have a public relation ide- ah- ah- legal one going on tv and ya know, you can't tamper with a witness but you can tamper with the jurors before the trial starts by just showing yeah, a public persona that's favorable. Umm... So yea everybody's up to a little something, but yea it's not clear that anyone's a downright like ya know ... no, no, there's no serial killers on this show. No one's just like completely sociopathic, but apparently somebody's sociopathic enough to do murder so. Yea that's about the plot and where I'm at with it. I'm done.  
