Okay, so the episode starts out with Grace talking to the clinical psychologist about the case and what happened. Uh, the clinical psychologist initially is very suspicious of Grace. Um, she feels as though her body language, the way she's speaking to her, and even the fact that, ya know, she was rich may have contributed to, you know, her motives of being the murderer. So, throughout the episode, um, and I believe, right after that they cut to, um, Jonathan in prison. Um, he's then again talking to the clinical psychologists about does he have any history of doing this to other people, the infidelity. Um, he did mention that he had one other woman who he’d also done this with in his previous marriages. Um, he also had said that there's no one else that he’d done this with. His eye contact was very evasive, very quick. He felt, it looked like he was very fidgety when he was talking to her. Uh, Clinical psychologist got all that she needed to. The episode progressed. If I'm not mistaken, I believe, Grace was talking to her father afterwards. And so her father and her are discussing and he, I think that was the first time in the episode that he had uh displayed his disliking for Jonathan. Afterwards, he goes to visit him in prison after discussing with Grace about whether they should separate him from the family or not. I think they kind of came down to the decision of having him, letting, not only him getting bailed out, but having his own apartment separate from the family. When Jonathan and Grace’s father get into contact with each other he obviously doesn't like him. He believes that he was the one that, uh, he, actually did it, but for her daughter, you know, not asking for much and seeing as to how, I'm assuming she had such a rough life growing up, he said he’ll do this one favor for her. I think that was also the moment where he realized that Jonathan was very similar to who he was, which is why I think that contributed to the way he was acting when it came to that decision later on in the story. Um, so he does get released from prison. And I believe the scene after that is when Jonathan’s son runs into Miguel, and he accidentally said sorry. I'm assuming he says sorry because in the back of his mind, he had somewhat, sort of like a Freudian slip in a sense, to where even if his dad hadn't murdered his mother, he still felt sorry that he was being accused anyway. And so even if there was a chance that he had done so he wanted to say sorry anyway. And I think that’s sort of what the principal was alluding to later on. Um, after that I believe Jonathan and Grace have a scene where I believe he’s trying to butter up to her and sort of get her to understand that he was sorry and that he can do better next time. But, Grace, uh, thankfully, does not seem to believe in his sentiments. Then the episode progresses, and I believe the clinical psychologist and, she may have had another conversation [one of the two] but I don’t really remember very much. I believe, that’s, the scene after that, is when Grace’s best friend starts to talk to her or her father, no it’s her father. So, Grace’s best friend and her father uh, meet each other somewhere, and He’s asking how Grace is doing. And then he sort of explains that Grace is Grace, she doesn’t really show very much and that She’ll always be her. Um, afterwards, I believe, is when Grace and her father had that conversation about, ya know, him not trusting Jonathan yada yada yada…Afterwards, I believe she goes to the park, or at least somewhere in between then uh Grace’s father and uh Jonathan’s son had that conversation with the violin. I think, I believe after that scene is where Grace goes to the park and it’s, I think it suggests that she’s being followed by Miguel’s father and then she also assumes she’s being followed as well. So, she goes to the park she feels it’s snowing I think, and then she has a panic attack and falls. She’s then sent to the hospital to where her son and her father are there. Jonathan rushes in, tries to make this little scene about, ya know, that he cares, and that, I’m sure that little ritual he had with her in the hospital room is something that they’ve practiced a lot, and something that sort of reminds her that he still has affection for her. Um, her son notices which I’m sure confuses him a lot, and her father probably doesn’t believe it at all. So, as the episode progresses, I believe, it’s after that incident to where he goes to Miguel’s father’s house. Um it seems incredibly intrusive. So, he blocks the door and asks if he wants to talk. Um I haven’t, I’m assuming that the baby that Miguel wa-, not Miguel, I’m assuming the baby that Miguel’s father was referring to was a baby that he has had with her previously. That’s sort of the gist that I got from it which is sort of like that whole speech where he was talking about it’s incredibly difficult to love that baby so I’m assuming it isn’t his. Um I believe Jonathan was trying to get ahead of this investigation and blame it on Miguel. I think the whole situation with him and the clinical psychologist was, if we go out in front of the audience tonight and show the world and let the people decide. It sort of gave him, I think, an option, to sort of allow the people to believe it was either his wife or the the husband of the woman that he cheated with that caused the murder because either of those two would have motive if Jonathan had cheated on, um Jonathan had cheated with that woman. So that's when, after Miguel, um after Miguel, Miguel’s father, and Jonathan had that conversation, they cut to the scene where Grace and her father are playing chess. Um you know, she then I think, explains that she wanted a marriage just like her father did. Then her father reveals to her that her childhood is pretty much a lie. And that a lot of what she was remembering during her childhood wasn't as clear as she made it seem. And so that's when she gets all angry, believes that, you know, her father is patronizing her when he says, I hope you don't go back to him and explains that I didn't like Jonathan because I was just like him, I'm talking about uh grace’s, the father, at this point. And so she gets angry and storms off. Um I I didn't remember something else towards, way towards the beginning, uh before J-uh Grace's father talks to Jonathan in prison. The scene before that is where the two police officers come up to her estate. And they found a picture or uh an oil painting of Grace in uh-uh Miguel’s mother's basement. And so that was a point of interest for them. Towards the end of the story, uh the clinical psychologist sort of hints at the fact that, you know, that she believes he did it. But they have that conversation of the- that idea to try to get ahead of the investigation by going to talk to Miguel’s father. Umm she then explains that it would be best if they had an interview. And so that when [everything is] out in the open, it's up to the public's decision at this point. And so when he does that, he sort of hints at the fact that, [well, he didn't hint,] he said that he loved uh the woman, that he, that the people assume that he killed. And so he's also a victim in the situation because he feels as though he's also lost someone incredibly important to him. And so that's when he sort of opens up to the people that it might have been Miguel’s father or Grace, that have also could have potentially killed uh Miguel’s mom. And so that's the most I remember chronologically from the story. I think a lot of things that was incredibly import- important was um their son. Their son seems to be incredibly receptive to everything that's going on, and so one thing I caught was that maybe he took an interest in uh violining or instruments because he wanted to get away from everything else happening above him. I also noticed that the son was also keeping a very close eye on the situation. Um him saying sorry to Miguel was one. Um him watching the livestream of the court case was two, um and him listening in on Grace when she was talking to her father was three. Um I feel as though her son might play a bigger role in this towards the future of this case. Uh I hadn't really thought that her father was the one well, this is sort of like by my timeline in terms of who did it and Who didn’t. I didn't. I thought it was Jonathan at first because of his body language. Uh If it ended up being Grace, I would have never known. I don't think they dropped enough, except by the end of that episode with her face. I don't think they dropped enough information about grace for me to suspect that it was her. But I suspected that it was her father because of all the people he had already said that he didn't like Jonathan. And because he already knows and pretty much revealed that Jonathan reminds him so much of himself. I'm assuming that he had sent someone after uh Miguel’s mother to kill her. And this would sort of make Jonathan look like he had killed her instead. And so that would force Gra- Grace to break up with him and go find a better man. That's the best that I got from it. But I never suspected Miguel’s dad to be a part of any of this. I sort of just saw him as the the biggest victim in this. Um I never suspected Grace, but I-I thought Grace’s father was the number one suspect. I noticed that um Jonathan was being incredibly suspicious after he had been released from prison after bail. Obviously, the sort of, you know, kissing up to Grace trying to make up for what we had done. Not to say that he wasn't in his right to do so. But I thought he was extending his hand a little bit too far. And I also thought it was incredibly suspicious how he was able to try to kiss up to her up until the last scene of the episode, where he had sort of insinuated that he was going to either blame Grace or Miguel’s father for the death of the woman that he had supposedly killed. And so I thought all of that was incredibly weird. Um Miguel, not Miguel, um Jonathan's father in law, which is Grace’s father, I thought was the one who consistently showed throughout the episode that he almost never switched sides. He always had a hatred for Jonathan. Even though he bails him out from prison, he-he pretty much tells Grace that he thinks he did it. Um he also thinks that he isn’t a good man for her. So he has every right and re- well not right, he has every reason and motive to do so. Um Grace’s best friend, I don't think plays too big of a role in this. I think she's pretty much just there for someone to lean on, if Grace wants to, and she even does at the end of the episode when she says that she's gonna, you know, have a little, some little party with her next week or the same week, either or. I thought her going to the park, and I think believe that's next to that same river was incredibly interesting, because it makes me think that that's her place. And she, in fact, she even says at the beginning of the episode that she walks to sort of ground herself. And I think it's very symbolic how she went to go walk, and she still felt like she was losing it, and so the one thing that I guess that was probably the only thing I could think of, while even now that I'm thinking about it, that might connect Grace to the murder was how she said at the beginning of the TV show that she grounds herself when she walks. And the two times that we see her walking throughout the show, it doesn't seem to ground her at all. Um when she walks with Jonathan, she still believes that, you know, her, you know, she it seems sort of half and half of whether she believes him or not. She says that, you know, she's not his wife. But even throughout the episode, the way that she talks to him sort of does suggest so. She also walks again. And then that's when she had that panic attack. So that can either be symbolic for it, that she had a hand in it, or that, you know, her techniques of grounding herself when walking just doesn't work anymore. Um I think the clinical psychologist has something to gain from this. She seems very strict, very straightforward. Certainly, I mean, obviously, it's her job to do so. But I-I think that she has some type of motive to play in this besides her job. She seems to be the-that one conversation before the interview sort of hinted me at that. The way she was looking at him and her tone of voice made it seem like she also had something to gain if he had won this case. So I think that she has something to do with it involuntarily, somehow, I don't really know enough information to make it-uh a statement about that yet, but I think in some way, shape or form that she has something to do with it. Um Miguel’s son doesn't seem to be very important at all to the story and sort of just seems like uh a figure for the audience to feel bad about because his mother obviously died. And he's hearing all these things about, you know, his mother cheating and all. He isn't as active as Jonathan's son is, which I think is important, for some reason. Um the baby, uh I don't know what's gonna happen with that doesn't really do much about the show. Um I think that the setting is also incredibly important. Um the settings that you see most often throughout the show are Grace’s, apartment, um the parks, and outside you know that one river that they keep showing, and uh the clinical psychologist’s office. And also I believe that one street that they showed Grace walking on in the front, I believe that's maybe where the crime scene took place. I don't really know. You've only seen it twice. But both the times that they showed it was also it felt like it was incredibly important, just by the camera angle and the time of day in which they showed it. Um most of the time. Uh obviously, I think this is you know, night and day. A lot more positive things happen throughout the show, except for the one walk along the the river to where Grace didn't believe that Jonathan was being sincere. That was pretty much the only occurrence that happened during the day, and I felt wasn't entirely too positive along with the conversations he had with Grace. At nighttime. It also feels like that's when most of the information that progresses the story is being revealed. Obviously Grace's father saying that he wasn't as faithful. Um you know, uh Grace had believed that she was being followed in the middle of the night by Miguel’s father was also another one that may have hinted that he had done something but I don’t think that was enough. Um I also thought that some of the most important scenes in the even the most important scene in the episode were between Grace and her father because her father seems like the only person that she can rely on. And so when he drops that truth bomb that like he wasn't faithful either. I think Grace’s entire world is shooken up. And I think even if she was, you know, involved in the murder even though I don't think she is that would pretty much be the end of anything that could ever anything good that will ever happen to her. Her father pretty much admitted that her her view of him is pretty much a lie. Her son has heard a lot of what's going on with her. Uh the police officers have evidence that you know, she had an oil painting of her in the basement. Um her husband if he had believed or couldn't believe that she had murdered the woman that he had cheated on would finally have a reason in the public’s eye to have like a bailout. Um I don't think she has any connection with Miguel’s father. Now, they haven't really revealed that in the episode. But if she were to be accused of the murder, she would pretty much have nothing left. And I think that's possibly her biggest motivation is that she believes that at this point, there's really nothing left and that if she were to stoop to the absolute bottom, that maybe this is something that a person could do. I don't really know. I didn't pay too close attention to the music maybe it’s because the audio of the headphones or not. But I don’t, I couldn't really tell there were like a soundtrack playing in the background. Maybe that's to not to influence the audience to think or feel a certain way. But I couldn't really make out any tracks in the background. I also thought that it was sort of weird in a sense that Miguel’s father wasn't involved a little bit more, um he was only appeared in a scene or two. And the one of them obviously, was when Grace was I think she hallucinated him being there maybe he could have, maybe he wasn't. But along the river when she was walking along with um, you know, when he had when Jonathan had visited their house, I thought it was weird, that we were focusing so much on one side of the family, when Miguel and his father both seem to also be affected as much. Um he clearly seemed to be very distraught by it, not as well, even more distraught than Grace was. So I truly believe that he is, he didn't do it. And that he's he really is the true victim and all this. Um not only ha-what was his wife taken from him, but she also cheated on him. And she had a baby with Jonathan, you know, the man that cheated on him with his wife. So I believe he and then even beyond this episode, I-I believe he is-the he didn't do it. There's just too much stacked against them. And I don't think it'd be good writing at all, if they did put it that way. Um any other characters that I might have missed don't really seem to be that important. We mentioned uh both of the families, uh the clinical psychologist in the middle, I can't really think of anyone else besides Grace’s best friend that might have been included in either of these episodes. Um I do remember that. In the scene where, without the the sound, they had a couple of scenes where grace and Jonathan were together. And it sort of gave a little more credence to maybe he didn't do it. Um I didn't really it didn't do too much for me, honestly. And there's also that party scene as well. So she clearly did have a very strong affinity for him. And it makes me think that the show was trying its absolute hardest to make sure that you know those all this evidence stacked up against Jonathan to you know, sort of dupe us in the end having this red herring that Grace is the one who actually did it. Um the only piece of evidence that didn't make sense, without the context of previous or future episodes, is the fact that I don't, I can't really connect how her Grace having a portrait of her in th-uh-the woman that suppose Jonathan supposedly killed’s basement, I don't really understand how that connects to anything. Um I know they had mentioned that they were I think working partners or something to some kind of business or company. But that doesn't seem to connect to anything that was produced in the episode. So it was just, and it was also a very big reason as to why I forgot it when I was explaining this in the beginning, cause it didn't really seem to click with anything else in the episode. So I kind of just forgot it. Um maybe there was she had eyes for grace, I guess. Or maybe Grace cheated on her also with her at one point. It doesn't really make sense. Anyway, I try to think of it so it's just odd. Umm I think.  
 
(He was still going and ran out of time.) 