 The clip begins with the accused's wife crossing the street at a crosswalk and it's captured on camera- not like video camera, but almost like security footage. and she's crossing and then she enters- like the next scene takes place in the lawyer's office where the lawyer is discussing the case with her and these images from the security screen, and essentially says that she was seen leaving the victim's- or like seen in the victim's area around the time of the murder and insinuating that these photos might be timed or intentionally taken or inten- or she put herself in a place where she would intentionally be seen by the camera and it goes- they go into a bit of a discussion about that. I'm not sure the next chronological scene but I know that the accused's wife talks to her dad about bail money- oh I guess the next scene we see is the accused in jail ... yeah? Umm ... but I know that the accused's father in law talks to the wife about putting up bail money and they discuss how, umm... oh its because she went to the house and he was eating dinner and the maid came in and asked if she wanted something and she said no thank you and then she was just talking to her father about what's going on and she kind of got frustrated with his responses and just asked for his unconditional support at the moment or like love um ...so ... oh bail money, that's how we got here. The lawyer ha- that's why we see the guy in jail before we meet the father so yeah so crossing the street, then lawyer's office, then jail, we meet the accused and then the accussed meets the lawyer and they discuss bail options ... umm ... and he discusses how he is estranged from his entire family and she thinks that's a little suspicious. Umm ... and then we see the wife and her father at dinner with the maid and then the maid leaves once they continue the conversation and she asks for his help at some point. Umm ... I don't think she asks for the money at this point. I think this is where she just talks about like emotional - and the term like unconditional support comes in because that's used later. Umm ... but eventually they talk about the bail and he goes to visit the guy in jail and the guy starts off by saying like he wants the father-in-law to understand and then the father-in-law is like I don't care about your understanding. You need to understand me. Umm, that my daughter may love you but like I'm doing this for her but basically he doesn't trust the guy. And then when the guy just began he just kind of leaves and he's like I'm done here and gets up, um ... he's very matter of fact and, um ... yeah. So then he leaves the jail and then what's the next scene? ... The next scene might be when the kid is running and he bumps the kid of the accused and then he's like saying like sorry, sorry he's like running and we don't know what he's running towards but we know he's running in the courtyard um of his school and before going up the steps he bumps into the accused - no the victim's son and then he says sorry and then he also just says hi and like sticks out his hand and then we see him in the principal's office and the principal is kind of grilling him about like what happened and he's like oh like I bumped into him and I said sorry and then the principal grills him out like why he says sorry and I guess the kid catches on right because he could mean like oh i'm sorry about your mom or like i'm sorry that I bumped into you. Umm ... so he recites the five C's which I assume have to do with the school's mantra or something, um, and then the schoolmaster or like the principal or whatever they're called is like pleased with this answer in relating to like the five C's and saying that he said sorry out of courtesy, um, because he bumped into him, but he doesn't mention to the principal that he like reached out to shake his hand, umm ... so seems like there's some understanding there ... on the kids part and the principal's part. Umm ... hmm... oh uh... there was some point where, um ... the father-in-law bumps into the friend of - I think the wife's name is Grace; I'm gonna call her Grace - the redhead; Nicole Kidman. She bumps into her at the playground with her daughter and then, um she sends like her daughter off because I guess they're late or something and then she talks to the father and she just like says that she's like reached out to Grace before and if Grace needs anything to like let her know or what not and the father kind of like has understanding and they're standing in the courtyard at the same school. Umm ... but there's also a scene - I don't know if this comes before or after this - when Hugh Grant has been released from prison and he's like walking through the crowd and we see him with the lawyer and his wife and they're kind of like trying to like force their way out of the prison or wherever they are and, um ... they were surrounded by press and he kind of stops them and says like, um... what does he say? He says that he is looking forward to clearing his name or something of that type of thing but nothing incriminating; nothing damning. Umm ... what else? Then there's a scene where, uh ... what happens next? ... Well he's out of prison now and there's a scene where the two of them are walking along the river and, um ... I guess he's under the assumption that like they're going to stick through this and work through this together and she she clarifies like oh no like I'm not - we're not doing this. Also this is like daytime; most of these scenes have been taking place in the daytime. The only scene thus far that has been taken place like the night time is the first shot of her, um ... with the photos in the crosswalk. I don't know if that's important, but that's some detail ... Then ... what else? ...  Then Nicole Kidman kind of gets them - then they're walk and Nicole Kidman kind of gets like emotional and is like, no, we're not in this together and then Hugh Grant also gets emotional and, um ... I believe he like - he maybe tries to do some apology but then he also hugs her and it's kind of like a forced hug, like she's in the middle of saying something like we're separate or like we're not in this together and he's like yeah yeah yeah I know I know but like we're still together and then kind of like hugs her and then, um ... she seems like reluctant to the hug but like does it and then like she breaks free from it, um ... and they continue like walking. Umm ... then ... I don't know where the first clip ends and the next one begins, but throughout the other clip, um ... we see Hugh Grant go visit the fath- oh, I guess this is the first clip ... well at some point Hugh Grant goes to visit the father of, or the the husband of the victim who's like the father of the kid that his kid bumped into. Umm ... We also see a scene at some point - I don't know where this scene is - but almost like we're meeting the victim for the first time or maybe Hugh Grant was meeting the victim for the first time like across a crowded room and it was, like, it was daytime maybe daytime or like sunrise or sunset like the sun seemed prominent or maybe like that could be lighting like highlighting the victim but basically she was like center stage. Umm ... yeah center that's the first thing ... but then we have the second clip beginning with Grace, I believe, - Nicole Kidman - walking through some wooded area and then she comes across a field of like children playing and we also see like the the victim's husband in the background but that's like a dark scene like a physically dark scene um so I don't know if they are if it's like a memory or if it's like two things happening in sync or what not but those two things are occurring and then we see Nicole Kidman like approach these kids and it's daytime and she makes like eye contact or like she focuses on a child that I guess is supposed to resemble her where she's like young with like long red hair and whatnot and I think they're playing like soccer or something but like they're on the big field like children are running around and like she notices this one girl and then she has like a panic attack and then she's in the hospital. Umm ... she has - well, like she fainted and then like she says later that it's a panic attack and when we like skip to the scene in the hospital so she's in the bed her son is on her right side and then her father is sitting down like in the chair behind the son, umm, and she kind of wakes up and then Hugh Grant like bursts in the room and like you can see everyone's shock. Umm, you can tell that the father like the lady's father is like maybe like annoyed or like frustrated that he's there like I don't know the entrance is kind of over the top he really like busted in there. And then like you see the son like a little hopeful but hesitant; like maybe happy to see his father, um but doesn't really like converse with him too much. Um, the father like checks in on the wife and like you know he's a doctor so he does his medical stuff and like checks her eyes and has her follow - checks her pupil dilation, um, right eye then left eye I believe or something like that, then uh like maybe like squeeze his finger when they do the thing where like touch your finger, touch your nose and they do that two times. and she seems to have already done this before because she wasn't surprised with the touch finger touch nose; didn't need prompting. Umm, but then like once like he like does like his little evaluation he like takes a sigh of relief and like grabs her hand and I think the son sees this and it kind of gives him a little bit of hope, um ... yeah so then - I don't know if like this is when he goes to visit the other kid or like the other um family like the victim's family the husband and like we're in like a - a darker apartment or like stairwell and then like goes in it's definitely like a smaller apartment than, um ... you would expect or like you would - you think like Hugh Grant lives in. Umm ... so like Hugh knocks on the door, guy opens up, and then guy automatically tries to close the door and then Hugh Grant puts his foot in the door, keeps it open and um he's like can I come in and basically the guys like no you can't come in and then they have like some kind of discourse and, I - basically Hugh Grant just like let me in so he does which is interesting because if you really believe that this man murdered your wife and now you're gonna bring him into your home with your family, that's interesting ... um so they go and the son's in the kitchen and the man's in the kitchen and then Hugh Grant enters the kitchen and its a dark lit room like I think like the kitchen is like the fir- it's the first thing as soon as you open the door; maybe like a round table in the middle, um, some lighting from like, like I don't know, like back lighting. Um ... and the kid stays there for a while without being prompted to leave, um ... but eventually Hugh Grant was like after like the the guy eventually did prompt the kid to leave Hugh Grant was like no no no like he needs to stay, he needs to hear this, like I didn't kill her. Um ... just like professing his innocence and whatnot which is very bold move Umm ... but it's also even bolder to let like the accused into your home with your children that's fine and then we hear baby crying so ... um ... eventually like they all go in and see the baby and uh what's his name ... the ... the victim's husband, um picks up with the baby, or picks up a bottle from the bottle warmer, feeds the baby, and then like asked Hugh Grant like if he wants to hold her or if he's held her before and Hugh Grant was like yes i've held her before. Umm ... and then the fa- ... the ... the husband is like oh i'm trying so hard to love her. Oh he actually says like here's your baby so like he clearly knows. I don't know how long he's known for but he does ... um ... and he's like I tried to love her but it's- fran-  like very difficult but I'll continue trying and I don't know if there's like ... it seems like there might have ... I don't know - they may have talked about ... I don't think they talked about Hugh Grant taking the baby but they did discuss like how the baby is his and how the husband has like difficulty loving the baby and then like we flip to, um, Hugh Grant in the lawyer's office and the lawyer's like yelling at him like oh like why would you do that and then the lawyer like talks about, um ... oh before like they're like oh like why did you do that like that's witness tampering and then Hugh Grant was like no no no like I didn't do anything I didn't tell any - I didn't threaten him or anything but the lawyer's like it doesn't matter like, and she's like oh I know why you did this because you feel like you're charming and like you're cocky so you think that you can get away with anything, um ... and then so essentially like she comes up with this idea, she's like we need to see - we need the jury to see you just as like you see you; just as cocky as you see you. Umm ... so she essentially like tries to seduce him where it's - it's essentially a test, um, where she's like as she's speaking to him she's like getting closer and like telling him how charming he can be and whatnot and I guess she's like waiting to see if he engages in this and he doesn't but right like he's a charming doctor, like he's knowledgeable, like he knows things so I - he probably knew like this was a test. Um ... yeah ... so and then he asks like did I pass and she says barely. But like - oh and it might have been in their first encounter, but they talk about their previous previous affairs. He has another affair; one that he's devastated over and this preceded the current victim so don't know what happened to the first lover but ... yeah, he had one. I think it was discussed in the first meeting but this meeting just made it come to my mind. Umm ... then they talk about like okay like you're charismatic and he's like oh you barely passed the test like we're gonna get you out in front of the public, umm ... and she's like we're gonna book you on a late show or like a, uh ... I don't know talk show and this is like taking place in her office now and like her office is like the same as before so it's kind of big she has like her desk and then like it's like on the - if you're looking at the screen. it's on the right hand side, like her desk and then like they move over to the left where like he is and that's where like the whole like seduction test takes place, um, so they move around the room quite a lot and then after that they start talking about like um their next strategy. Umm ... there was a point also I don't know where it was, but, uh ... the friend that I had mentioned she reaches out to the wife and is like, hey, like do you want to hang out we can just have like a girl's night you can drink wine and um whatnot and I think the girl declines, but ... just remembered that scene. Umm ... and then we flip to the show, maybe, like the talk show. I'm trying to think if there's anything in between that ... with the kid. Umm, no. Okay, so then we're on the talk show and it's just him, his lawyer, and - what's it called ... and the interviewer. And the interviewer straight up asked him like oh are you innocent and he answers, um ... answers yes which is like interesting for a court show, right, or for a court proceeding because you usually don't give definitives - yes or no - so I think that like leans towards certainty that he's kind of innocent because now like he can be questioned about that, he can be put on the stand, like asked if you're innocent and like what not ... anyway. Um ... and then like his affect changes a bit throughout the thing he seems to get like frustrated as the questions go on and then the talk show ho- and you see like the lawyer trying to like calm him down and the talk show host is like oh like you seem like you're a victim and he's like no i'm not the victim in the traditional sense but I am a victim in the case that like I did lose somebody that I love oh and like as this is going on we flip between the wife is watching it at home potentially with her father not the kid, I don't think so, but potentially with her father, and then he was like yeah like I lost somebody that I love and then you see like shock come over her face because, um ...probably like the word love shocked her, she realized they were actually in love. Umm ...