So from what I remember, the video starts off with the with the wife outside of a tarot card, I remember the sign was in Spanish. So the thing about like, outside and like the, I guess probably like urban part of the neighborhood, it seemed to be very separated, she's in the middle of a city seem to be in the middle of, or was very close to where the family lived. The family that the husband was in fa- the family the husband was cheating with, or if that's a way to phrase it. And it looks like she's taking a walk at an odd hour, and she's frantic about something. And then we later learn that it's one of her “clear your head walks” which seems suspicious, in my opinion, which made me think that she might be, um, guilty in some respect, because going on a walk in a city where you're not from as a white person that's not from the area is what we're supposed to gather, seems suspicious to me, which maybe indicates that this person may be guilty or lying about something. Um, I thought it was also interesting that that scene was darker. And maybe the relevance of dark versus light made me, uh later in the in the test, when we examine what I'd seen and what I remember from the scene - So the fact that that was dark while she was on screen, and it seemed to continually be dark, as I noticed myself rating her screen appearances makes me think that there might be a connotation between her being the dark screen character, and the guilty character or something like that. So chronologically, after that, it cuts to her explaining herself, in her lawyer's office, which is when I became skeptical, and heard her explanation, and the lawyer that seems to be representing both the husband and the lady with the red hair, the wife - Mrs. Fraser. She seems to be bi partisan and very serious. Then it cuts to the lawyer visiting a husband, the accused in prison. He's in a prison uniform, and he's being interviewed. He seems earnest. And he seems like he doesn't want to be in prison which makes sense, um, and from what I remember they have some kind of conversation trying to gauge his innocence and she articulates then, “don’t play with me” And, ah, then I guess it's a conversation between a couple of the characters and it cuts to the grandfather visiting the husband in jail, interviewing him, speaking to him saying, essentially, that I'm not your friend, I'm not on your side but what we later learn is despite that, he chooses to pay the bail, assuming for his daughter, or wife of the infidel- the unfaithful husband. And then the scene changes to the two of them leaving the courtroom and the unfaithful husband who just left jail, I’m assuming he had just been beaten up in jail as we learned previously, um from the interview. That he seems to be very in control and stoic of his emotions which made me think that he's guilty in some respect because leaving prison especially having been beaten especially having been bombarded by a crowd of [UNCLEAR] a guilty person might be able to feel rejected but a guilty pe- innocent person  might be able to feel rejected, but a guilty person would have an alibi an explanation and might even be ready to [UNCLEAR] skeptical of the husband’s innocense. Umm, moving on. Honestly, the plot seemed really slow which is a personal preference so it may be a little bit difficult for me to follow along. Um, but somewhere in between, there's a conversation between who we assume is the best friend of the faithful wife and the uh, the faithful wife herself. They seem to just be talking about her emotional state, the wife who was cheated on and the friend seems to be consoling her but also I think we're supposed to gather as well given the setting the friend was in while she’s on the phone call the ballet studio, and the camera cuts to her scrutinizing her daughter. We’re supposed to get this impression that this friend is in control or has um, could be a type A personality because of her role in assuring the wife and because of her role in being supportive and also directly being, like directing her daughter in such specific ways [UNCLEAR] supposed to gather.  They have the conversation. The wife seems to be consoled or reach her own resolution. And somewhere along the line, this is where my recollection becomes more shaky. What happened when or what happened in chronological order, but somewhere along the line, the wife and the grandfather have a conversation independently, where she talks about her mental state and how distraught she is after having a panic attack in the park on her own walk, um, which is during the day. And he explained to her that he was infadel, that he was unfaithful to his wife previously. And as the grandfather he felt more . . . he felt harder on the husband because it was some hypocrisy in himself because he’s fighting the inner struggle, projecting himself on the husband which made him hate the husband even more.  In that conversation-  I'm not sure like these don't seem to branch off each oth- each other. They seem to be independent events. But, the, there also is a scene somewhere in there where the boy, the young child of the unfaithful Doctor and the faithful wife bumps into the younger child of the like widowed husband and the woman who was killed and he says sorry, initially after bumping into him, and tries to shake his hand, the boy doesn't accept his hand the boy who has cancer doesn’t accept the other child’s hand. And for some reason, the initial kid the daughter of the doctor or the son of the doctor gets reprimanded in the principal's office in the proceeding or the following scene which is interesting to me. I didn’t see what he did wrong, but the child seemed to be aware that there was something wrong with his actions too so that was interesting to me. I think it’s funny how the child who had cancer didn’t have any lines in the episode. Ya know, a lot of it seemed to be hinging on him.  Maybe after this I'm not sure what order this went in, after the scene in the principal's office with the young child. The doctor, the unfaithful husband goes to visit the widowed husband, presumably the husband that he had widowed himself [UNCLEAR] who's wife he had killed and visits the home of the grieving family to find- I also noticed that that scene was especially dark. It seems to be when they're on the south side or the more urban part of town, the more urbanized scene, that the camera angles seem to get darker and the camera seems- or the setting seems to become much darker than in comparison to the baseline image of just any other snapshot of the entire episode which is a caveat that I noticed aside from that they proceed to have a conversation, and the husband doctor proceeds to give the small boy a checkup and tries to assess his condition as a cancer patient, which seems to be over overextension or overstepping the line and makes the Father the widow widowed father visibly uncomfortable prompting him to tell the doctor to leave. But the doctor doesn't listen, which makes me upset and makes me question his innocence because he doesn't respect the wishes of the Father, and proceeds to become more comfortable and continue to stay in the house where he's now clearly not welcome. And, um, then greets the young daughter who were supposed to assume he’s met before. And this adds a layer of complexity to it as well because it adds a layer of complexity to the rage that the widowed father might have assumed after having learned that, the wife he- who had been cheating on him and whose child he had been raising unknowingly had been killed by her lover who was now visiting and refusing to, gently refusing, to leave their home. So the father’s feeling mixed emotions and somewhere along the line too much before this, but after the the women, the wife is taking a walk we see a very short screengrab of a dark scene in the park outside at night where the same husband the widowed husband is presumably covered in blood and looking shocked and alone, where we see the camera pan to the wife who, who looks directly at him and seems to notice his existence or acknowledge his existence and move on without speaking to him in anyway which makes me think that- or I think which is supposed to articulate that they know about each other in some respect, And that maybe there this crime was orchestrated. But I also remember this was after the rating portion, which I noted because it would influence my decision to, to say whether the husband the doctor husband was guilty or not. Because after having seen the widowed husband covered in blood, it makes me think that clearly, all the overwhelmed - the facts overwhelmingly support the notion that the widowed husband is the killer because he’s covered in blood. And, somewhere, after all, that happens, the husband appears - after visiting the house, where he's not welcome of the woman who he presumably murdered, it appears on in the next scene with his lawyer and the lawyer calls him crazy for doing what he just done and reprimands him, and also says, “You think your charm is what gets you anywhere”, and she takes that idea and runs with it. And proceeds to orchestrate a interview, which is the next scene; an on TV interview where the husband is questioned live about his motives which seems very irrational on the lawyer, it seems really unpredictable, and, on live TV, the husband says that he was in love with the with the woman that he killed, and his wife is watching at home, clearly distraught by this news and probably humiliated having heard it- from having heard it on live television in real time In front of his son, and he says “not only did I love her, but I know that I loved her because, and I'm not the one that killed her. That also articulates in some way or another that he does know who did it. Which ends the scene with the husband or with the camera panning to the wife's face. She's in shock and intensely fixed on the screen. And then the camera cuts out and the show is over. That's what I remember. 