Um, from the beginning, the wife was wandering on the streets in a really, like, dark I think it’s like probably at night. And the next thing was that she was describing. She was telling the attorney that she was…um on the streets at the time of the mother and the attorney said that, asked if she said [UNCLEAR] like that? And then, um, apparently there was no one, but there were some pictures of the wife on the streets, so she was, she had an alibi. Um, [the next thing], was that the attorney came to the prison to talk with Jonathan about the mother. Um, he insists that he is innocent. And…the next thing was that the wife came and talked to her father at, uh, his house. Um…um, they were like, he said that although she believes her husband is innocent, he doesn’t think so. He, like, he said because the husband is guilty. Um, and then there was, um, at his son's school, he accused s-some, uh, he he saw something and then he ran and then he ran into the victim's son. Uh…and he said sorry. He said something. He said sorry…Yeah, I think he says sorry. And then the next thing was that…um…uh Jonathan and his wife was, um, he was out on bail and then they were surrounded by, uh, all the…journalists and photographers asking about the cases and he, um, he lied and then they went home. Um, and he wo- the Jonathan, uh, the husband, um…it's went to, the victim's house and saw the husband and the son. He, um, the husband didn't want him to come in, but he then stopped the door by his foot and came in and tried to tell the son that he's not, he was sorry about his mother. And, but he's not the mother. But the father was stopped. Um, the father stopped him and told the son to went to, to to go to the room for some, [put the headphones in] Um [UNCLEAR- *mumbling*] and then Jonathan, um, [UNCLEAR] and then the husband, uh, the husband was upset and didn’t want him to talk much. Um, and they, they [angry] about it. And the, uh, [the accused] um, told him to stay away from his wife. Um, but then the husband asked, uh, about why didn’t he stay away from his wife, something like he was talking about the cheating and then there was a baby crying and they both came into the room and he got the baby and…comforted her. Um, the husband then get the baby's children and asked if he wanted to feed her and then, uh, took the bottle milk and gave them to him. Um, the son kind of looked at it, um, at some point, like looking at the bottle and kind of like wondering, but I don't think it's really mattered. But he, kind of like, fed it a little bit and then held the baby for a while. Um, and then the next thing is that he went to the lawyers, his lawyers office and talked about it. And the lawyer said something that is, he was not suppose-he was not supposed to go there and talk is something about witness tampering. Um, but he said he has to do it. Um, because he's he’s not guilty of doing this. And, um, and I think the, um, the assistant brought some drink to them and those talking about, um, uh probably may-maybe going to the television show and tell people, uh, about the, um, like, he is this, um, he's, in the sense of, he's not strongly gonna benefit him because, uh, the like the jury, they didn’t, like, the jury told him [to say it], it's going to be good for him when they see him like, um, and then they, uh, they went on to the television and, uh, the w-the accused's wife and her son, and other people was watching at home. And she's, so she, she saw that he admitted the, the affair and, um, everything about being unfaithful while still in love with his wife and, um, but he is innocent. And…oh, I think before that, um, the accused, um, the accused wife came to the father, came to the father’s and talked, like, playing, they were playing chess and they were talking about, um, her father's marriage, how happily, how happy the marriage was and the father said, confessed that he- it's not really a happy marriage in, and he was unfaithful with, um, his wife during the whole time over and over again and how, how after every time he come back and he confessed and, begged for forgiveness and stuff like that and give the jewelry, but, um, his wife, the accused's wife’s mother, like, didn't really wear it. And Like, something like that, in case, he thinks she sees it as like, some sort of poisons. [UNCLEAR] Um…um…I think one time when, the next thing is that, the wife umm, the wife was, uh, was walking to the park or something, um, and the victim's husband was following it and the next thing is that she collapsed and went to the hospital. And the, um, and her son and her father was there and later her husband came in and checked on her, [like, clinically and professionally], and that, that came before she went to her father's house. And the reason that her father, [he says to] the husband's [guilty], because he is unfaithful, like, he is just as unfaithful as her father, something like that. Um…um, yeah, I'm done.