All right, well, at the top of the episode, we find Jonathan Frazier's wife in conversation with Jonathan Frazier's attorney. They’re reviewing his wife's habit of walking around at night, an activity which seems to make her suspicious. However, since she has continued walking at night past the date of the murder of the woman who Jonathan was having an affair with the attorney tells Jonathan's wife, that she's been, some semi-officially cleared of suspicion by the police. And then Photographs are shared of her walking that match the scenes of her walking that we've seen. Um the conversation between them, however, uh, is strange. The attorney is very, very serious in that discussion and frank with Jonathan's wife. Um…there's a scene of Jonathan’s child running through school grounds on his way into school. Before he bounds up the set of stairs, he accidentally brushes up against the son of the woman who was murdered. They both go to the same school. And Jonathan's child does not realize this at first and s-when he says sorry, he turns around and sees…the son of the victim. It's very awkward. The air is strange. A hand is reached out for a handshake but the victim's son does not take it. And that leaves Jonathan’s son, nothing else to do but to continue running. In a later scene we see him sat down with some proctor of the school who is questioning him about, um, what the words were spoken between them. Jonathan's son relays the story accurately and justifies that all he said was hello because it adheres to the five C's that are presumably part of the Code of Conduct of that school. And C, particularly Courtesy. Um, this explanation seems not to suffice however, uh, because, um, our protagonist’s family is informed they would like to remove the child from school until the press surrounding the trial dies down. So then we we are alerted this is my profile. I forgot to mention that the attorney counsels Jonathan Frazier's wife, uh, to not withhold any information. She believes that his wife is withholding because, uh, according to her that is what rich people do when they are threatened. Um, and after that, we see her walking again at night. Um, Jonathan's wife has a conversation with her father, otherwise known as Jonathan's father in law, Jonathan's wife expresses that what she needs right now is the compassion and understanding of her father and it's clear that she wants her father to do something, uh, that may or may not be, um, form of mediation between her and her husband. We then see a shot of Jonathan walking through the halls uh in- of some building where he is in custody. Uh, he sits down to meet with his father in law who sets the record straight from the beginning that he believes that Jonathan is guilty. And he does not, uh, want to have a positive relationship with Jonathan. However, uh, he is posting Jonathan's bail in order to deliver him to his wife and child or his daughter and his grandson in order to make their lives better and easier. Jonathan, uhh, expresses his thanks. But it's clear that these two do not see eye to eye. Then Jonathan's wife and his father in law have another conversation, um, where his father in law stresses that he will not be making moves to resolve the conflict or the tension between her and Jonathan, uh, but he’s just doing what he did for the reasons mentioned before. Let’s see…(extended silence)…we have a scene of Jonathan meeting with his attorney. Um, Jonathan's son plays the violin at a time when his father in law is home because Jonathan's wife, um, has told him that she would like to take her son and continuing living with him while Jonathan is in the apartment of theirs. And Jonathan’s father in law invites himself into the room. And son, the boy, says that he prefers violin to the instruments that his peers like such as drums or bass, or guitar, simply because it’s different…Uh we witness a scene where Jonathan's wife is walking once again at night. She finds, of course, uh as she said from the beginning of the episode, that it's an activity that grounds her. It's unclear whether uhh that’s explicitly 100% the truth, or whether it is in an alibi. Um, however, she's walking again and you see a shot of the victim's husband, stalking her. Um, right. Uhh Jonathan’s wife walks, finds herself in a park or other public setting, where they’re other children looking on at her vision begins to blur until she faints and is put in a hospital bed. She sites this as just simply being anxiety or a panic attack, but the true nature of the medical event is unclear. We see her father and son, uhh, walking briskly into the-her hospital room. And shortly after Jonathan, himself arrives, um he greets his wife and kid warmly, but tension still remains between him and his father in law he asks, what the doctor's assistant was and then him being a doctor himself, performs some routine assessments of his own, uh some of which seem just to be barely establishing or reestablishing contact between him and his wife. Um they grasp hands which seems to um delight the son and make his father in law skeptical. It’s clear that he’s skeptical of Jonathan. Um in a scene that I cannot recall, either it was before or after the one I just described. I believe it was before Jonathan and his wife are walking outside, on a public way where we see other pedestrians and cycling, cyclists going by. Um Jonathan is holding her hand and says we're going to get through this together but his wife clarifies that they are not in it together at all. She is merely going to be playing the role of his wife. She’ll play a role, play it out, uh, Jonathan, through all of this, is trying to get back what he had. And he tells her, we really had something. Something along those lines and they have a sort of half embrace. Um H-tha-that reminds me of when Jonathan was initially released from the prison, and he and his wife came onto the crowd. Um and she was in fact playing that role, that silent role, not commenting herself and Jonathan, uh, gave a statement to the press about how he's looking forward to clearing his name in court. Uh Jonathan's father in law consoles his daughter by telling her that he was serially unfaithful to his own wife. That would be Jonathan’s mother in law, and that one reason why he is wary of Jonathan is that he sees much of himself, in fact, in Jonathan…Um…We are witness to a scene where Jonathan arrives at his, uh, the victim's husband's apartment where there is the victim’s husband and their son together, uh, who, uh, is a patient of Jonathan's and that is how Jonathan presumably first, uhh, met the victim. Uh, he convinces them to let him into the apartment and then immediately goes to the table where the child is sat, and stresses to him directly, uh, that he is not responsible for what happened to the boy's mother and does this despite the protests from the boy's father there. And uhh tha-the father rushes the boy, uh, to bed out of the room, then returns. Jonathan, uh, although he well he, um he says it’s not out of desperation, he desperately pleas for this man to understand that he did not, um, commit the crime. He is rebuffed, but, uh, the two of them are interrupted by a baby monitor. It’s revealed that the baby in this man's care is actually the child of Jonathan and the victim. And, uh, the intention is unclear, but the victim's husband asks Jonathan, if he’d like to feed his daughter which he does. Jonathan is asked if he's held her before. Jonathan says no. Then we see Jonathan in discussion with his attorney where he’s admitting what just happened. And the attorney tells him that you could be found guilty of witness tampering there. Jonathan says I had to do it, I had to tell them that I'm not guilty. And then he he also uh clarifies that with his attorney he’s like not fucking guilty and it’s very fierce. Um the two of them have a moment of tension as well. And it’s unclear the nature of their relationship might Proceed to. His Attorney counsel says that in order to get ahead of the jury pool, which you may already be witnessing this very public pre-trial proceeding, that she would like him to go on to the news. Uh especially since he is not going to be taking any sort of plea deal, and is adamant that he is not guilty. So we see the two of them, uh, speaking with a news anchor while his wife and child look on as well as, uhh accompanied by some of his wife's friends. Who she'd spoken on the phone about and assured that she was in a good state of health and then they look on and see his attorney, um, doing most of the professional speak. Uh Johnathan, uhh, tells the anchor, uhh, the same thing that he told the victim’s husband which is that, uh, the-the-the trial does not assuage the very real grief for him. He says that he lost someone who he loves, and he becomes emotional. Uhh the episode ends with him confirming that he does have an idea of who may have killed the victim. Alright, so…big reveal…That is about the summation of what I can recall from the episode. So, I'm done.

16m 29s
