Okay, so I think It starts off with the wife. I think her name is Grace. It shows her walking around at night in this neighborhood in a large city which I’m guessing is New York. Then it cuts to the lawyer’s office and the wife is there. And the lawyer is asking her why she goes on walks at night, and sh-the wife says that because it helps to help clear her head. The lawyer points out that it’s really suspicious that she’s taking a walk in the victim’s neighborhood, like a block away from her house or whatever. The lawyer tries to get the wife to tell her if there's anything else that she’s hiding. The wife seems defensive like there really is more things that she’s hiding, but she’s not ready to tell. Then I believe the wife meets with her dad. They have a conversation about the husband and him being in jail. And that and he tells her that he never liked her that she never liked him either, yea. And then I think it cuts to Jonathan in jail and he gets a visit from his father in law and he starts out trying to explain all this stuff, but the father in law cuts him off. Says I don’t care about any of that, and he kind of just lays it out that I don’t like you, but I’m gonna bail you out. For my daughter and then he threatens him that if you run or do anything else he's gonna kill him And then he leaves and then Jonathan thanks him and gets up and leaves. After that, it cuts to their kid who’s running through outside of the hall at school, and bumps into the murder victim’s kid, and I guess he maybe recognized that kid as the murder victim’s kid, and kind of knows that this is the kid of the woman my dad was having an affair with I guess because he makes a point to stop and say I’m sorry after bumping into him. I guess to not seem like a bully. The other kid doesn't say a word. Then it cuts to Jonathan’s kid in the principal’s office. And the principal’s trying to understand why he said I’m sorry while encounter- during the interaction because I guess it doesn’t look good for the school. After that I think it cuts to Jonathan getting free from jail or getting out of- on bail and then makes a statement to a reporter about his innocence. And then there’s a scene where the wife is back with her dad and they’re talking ... even before that Jonathan, oh I think, yeah so like, Jonathan and his wife are taking a walk and he’s trying to be all considerate of her and saying how he loves her he's basically implying and she’s kinda like I don’t even know if I believe that you did- didn't kill her; that you're innocent. Then he kind of forces her to uncomfortably hug and kiss her and she doesn’t want any of that and is really upset but she did to keep face I guess because they’re in public and people are watching. She cries a little bit and they continue to walk. Later I think the wife is meeting with, or talking to her father in law and saying how she just wanted a perfect marriage like how she saw her parents. And the father makes a point to say that their marriage was not perfect that he himself was cheating on her mom the whole, their whole relationship for years. The wife doesn’t want to believe it. Dad makes it a point to tell her no this is how it is like I was always unfaithful and always thought I’d do better, but I never did. He says that that’s why he never like Jonathan because he saw himself in Jonathan, I guess the signs of a cheater. Then there’s a scene where Jonathan goes to the victim’s house to talk to the the other husband because supposedly the other husband was stalking or watching his wife, which I forgot to mention. He’s at his house. He says hi to the victim’s son, and tires to check up on him and see how he’s doing. The victim’s son doesn’t say anything. Dad’s [UNCLEAR] at first when Jonathan came over he kind of forced himself into the house. The husband was blocking him out and then Jonathan put his foot in the door [UNCLEAR]. He kind of forced himself into the house. The dad’s like fuck this guy, and trying to get him to get out, but for some reason he doesn’t really force him to get out. I guess because the kid’s there. The kid goes in the other room. He tells his kid to go in the other room and they kind of have a weird conversation until the baby cries. Then the dad goes to comfort the baby. Jonathan follows him. The dad then offers Jonathan to hold pink baby which he does. And then the victim’s husband kind of says that it’s hard to love this kid cuz cuz he thinks that either it’s Jonathan’s or maybe just that because he doesn’t love his wife because his wife was cheating on him.  And then Jonathan offers to take the kid. Then it cuts to the lawyer’s office and the lawyer’s like why the hell would you go to the victim’s house, why’d you have that conversation. She makes a point to say like you know you think you’re so charming. You think you can get away with this. And she kind of realizes oh wait he is charming and he probably can get away with this and we should roll with that as our strategy. So then they plan a pres-an interview which they do. And during this interview Jonathan’s there along with the newswoman and the lawyer and Jonathan again tries to play this part of being an imperfect person, but still a good person. Eventually when he gets to, he claims he’s innocent multiple times, and eventually the interviewer gets to the point where Jonathan is forced to say that he loves, that he loved the victim, and that kind of means that he's a victim himself and that he's experiencing grief for this woman that he was having an affair with that he says he loved even though in that same interview he also [UNCLEAR] his wife. During that whole interview the wife and her father, Jonathan's father-in-law, the kid were all watching this and she just saw her husband who [UNCLEAR] with another woman just admit that he loved that woman. That’s probably why he’s innocent. Then Jonathan kind of hints that he knows who the killer might be. He claims that the murderer killed the woman because of jealousy. So, it’s kind of pointing towards either his wife being the murderer or the victim’s husband. Yea, I think I’m done. Fine how long was that? Oh okay good. Okay  