Okay so the start of the episode began with Grace and, [speaking to the attorney] was just questioning her to make sure she had all the details to, um, eliminate Grace as a possible suspect even though Jonathan was already accused of it and in jail. And because Grace was on video footage that she was present around the area where, um, the murder happened. And then once that conversation began, I believe Grace had a conversation with her father, expressing that um her uncertainty of the murder. And you can just visibly see that the father is very upset about [UNCLEAR] and how much her and Jonathan ... [UNCLEAR] and then you have, following that you can see the image of the grandfather visiting Jonathan in jail. And I believe prior to that, Grace also had a conversation with her grandfather, Franklin, to just help her out in bailing Jonathan out, as she is making sure that they were innocent. And just for the sake of her family as well, she did want him to be outside of that situation. And then Franklin, although very unwanting to help her, I think as a father, he wanted to just relieve her of a little bit but obvsiously [a tense] situation. And so, he ended up paying the bail, for Jonathan to get out. But a little bit prior to that, [right after,] police investigation came to Grace's house and, and just asked her if she had any conversations with the lady that was murdered, I forget. but yeah, they asked her if she had any converstations because the woman had made several phone calls to Grace, trying to contact her, and that Grace did not pick up any of the calls, nor did she contact her [UNCLEAR] that said he was still suspicious and they pulled up an image, a portrait painting of Grace that was painted by the victim, and Grace [seemed very appalled] that she was very shocked of the very detailed portrait that was, that the police had. And that portrait, like to the next [scene] after Jonathan came out, her and Jonathan had a walk at the pier and just had a conversation of if he knew about the portrait or anything related to that, and he seemed to be "[UNCLEAR] I had no idea of that painting", and they just continued to walk down the pier, talking about the situation that they're in, because of being on bail and how much [hurt he] spent on Grace and the main, um, thing I remember of her in that conversation, is just how sad and hurt she was and expressing how that although he may or may not have been the murderer, he would never be her husband and then they came back home with both of their emotions and they ended up hugging however, I think Grace kinda realized she needed to snap out of this like, pity, sad, guilt moment and so she just told him to stop and they continued walking there. And then I think previously as well, you can kinda see this first interaction between Harry and the son, Miguel, and it was just very awkward cause Harry accidentally bumped into the son while going to school and he said sorry, and he tried to introduce himself, but Miguel was very, very nonchalant, like he did not care, he was just like, he had no physical emotions. But you can see after that situation happening, Harry had to go to I guess the principle's office? And he thought that he was maybe in trouble, maybe something went wrong, but the principle was just really investigative of what that interaction was, and Harry expressed that he said hi, introduced himself, and that he [was doing it because of the five C's] Um, the following after that, you can just see the development of the scene between, between Jonathan trying to visit the husband, but he [UNCLEAR] [came to his house, knocking] at the door, um, begging to let him in to just have a conversation with him. And he, the victim's husband, or victim's ex-husband, seemed very, very confused but also not unwilling to like let him in to talk and have a conversation. But it was just a weird interaction cause Jonathan came in and talked to Migeul like he was still his patient, and touched his face . . . [UNCLEAR] . . . victim's husband told Miguel to go in his room and just basically let the adults talk, kinda vibe. And so Miguel went in his room and they had a small conversation just about how, you know, Jonathan had an affair with his ex-wife, and how the circumstance is unfortunate that she ended up dying which he probably believed, or maybe not believed, that Jonathan was the murderer, and then the conversation kinda [switched from the kitchen and living room] into the kid's room and you just see Miguel sitting on his bed wearing headphones, because the baby, the baby girl was crying. and so the victim's ex-husband came in and Jonathan followed too, and picked up the baby and said it was time for the baby to eat because it was crying. And, um, the victim's husband seemed a little unsure having to take care of the baby and this is [the conversation that] . . . [UNCLEAR] it's hard to love that baby and it's just been a very rough time for him. And so [UNCLEAR] as well. The victim's ex-husband also suggested, or asked, if Jonathan wanted to hold the baby and asked if he ever did before, and he said yes. and he seemed very comfortable holding the baby, caressing it, and the baby immediately stopped crying [while it's being fed] so you can see that they had some sort of, maybe connection in a way, but it seemed like the baby was very comfortable. From that scene it kinda just [forward] back to Grace, and Franklin talking to Grace's best friend who [UNCLEAR] and also prior, prior to [them meeting] you can see Grace meet up with some guy, I'm not really sure who he was, but met up with him and kind of just expressed stuff like, if he had killed her or not, but, yeah. Moving forward, we see that Franklin [UNCLEAR] to Grace's best friend and just asking her [they just convinced him] what to do. And then I think following that conversation, Grace and Franklin had a conversation about how Franklin also was, was in a simil- was in a similar situation to Jonathan where he was an unfaithful man to Grace's mom and Grace is obviously oblivious cause she thought that they were in love, they were a happily married couple, but the reality was that [Franklin] chose to cheat on the mother. But the situation kind of escalated and she felt very broken and upset. And there was also another scene, um, Grace walking to town in the park near the pier and, it was prior to the,um, Jonathan coming to see the ex-vict- the victim's ex-husband's house. It seemed like the ex- the victim's ex-husband was following Grace down the- her stroll in the park and she just unknowlingly just fainted apparently [UNCLEAR] she ended up having to be hospitalized. And, um she was hospitalized, [and Franklin, her son Harry]and Jonathan ended up visiting her and Jonathan kind of like, trying to be a husband and like, caring for her but also he, was also like [UNCLEAR] [took his] professional perspective, pulling out his light and checking her eyes and making sure that she, in his perspective as a professional doctor, was okay. And then following that, there seems to kind of just like, back to the and Jonathan meet and the attorney seemed upset because Jonathan went out of his way to visit the victim's ex-husband's house and that became [a case of] . . . [UNCLEAR] . . . [in giving him] what's the word, ruining the witness evidence I guess? Or yeah, obstructing the witness evidence, um and yeah. But they had a weird moment where they just looked into each other's eyes and it was very tense, weird, but also seeing that there was some tension in like, in a romantic way in a sense. But it kind of just immediately clicked off and they kind of just like roped it off as if it was nothing and the conversation really just [geared on] what they should do [what are the future steps to] moving forward to [UNCLEAR] Yeah, I think that's it, I'm done. Yeah. 