Uh, I remember the beginning of the episode, it was really dark and it showed the accused person's uh wife uh walking through the street and it shifting to uh...ugh I'm not really too sure what happened, but… I... let’s see…I'm [UNCLEAR] the accused person in prison too and the-the wife's dad came to visit him umm and seemed really intent that he was guilty, but uh…not too sure…uh…Oh, the cops come in to visit the wife and they seemed to get that she was guilty. Umm [UNCLEAR] she was acting like suspicious, or not. You know, I don't know, people seem like [UNCLEAR] evidence on her. Like, being in contact with uh the murder victim. Umm…[UNCLEAR] remember [UNCLEAR] uhhh…(extended silence)…[UNCLEAR] Oh, I remember the little kid running-uh that was uh, [UNCLEAR], [the accused murderer’s s-son running into like a victim’s son to say sorry.] Uhh...uhh…(extended silence)…that’s it for the first half [UNCLEAR] Uhh…uh…[UNCLEAR] but I-I also remember um that shes was uhh walking through the woods and it was dark, and uhh the-the victim’s husband was following her, and then it switched to daytime all of a sudden and then she’s like, she’s like out of it and then she like passed out and all these kids like circle her. She went to the hospital and then her husband was there and he’s checking on her and uhh and the wife’s dad and son were there and she did, like ya know like a little test like with the flashlight in her eyes. And then uh…after that…I remember…uhh…the…she’s with her…umm… oh visiting…uhh…the victim’s husband and the kid and it’s really dark and then like te-they’re telling him that like in the room and then he’s telling him like oh he’s innocent and then uh the kid got sent away and then saw his actual kid I guess with the with the and yeah…[that’s where uh]…yea they talked a little bit and then after that he went to see uh his defender and uh…uh and it was like a whole acting thing umm where he’s like tryna like be as uh emotionally appealing as possible and then after that…he had like the news interview on TV where he’s telling them he’s innocent and it kept switching to the his wife and the victim’s husband and they both were in dark rooms like in their house just watching and they seemed really uh…seemed really uh...I don’t know they seemed really off like they were guilty. And then [I don’t know how to explain like the way it looked but uhh]…Let’s see what else is there…uhh, oh I remember earlier in the episode uhh the accused wife was uh talking with a friend on the balcony of like her house in the daytime and then she was like oh yea like, oh that was actually after the hospital scene, yea she-she uh said she was like really stressed out for some reason. And uh…umm…oh I remember there’s this scene in the house it was like night time or something where umm the accused wife and her dad were talking about how uh the dad was like oh I see the same uh traits in the husband as him because like he cheated too and what not and she like didn’t believe him and what not. Umm…uh…uhh…uh…there was uhh…uhhh…[what’s his name]…[UNCLEAR]…umm…oh and the little kid saw him too talking to [UNCLEAR] the kid and uh…umm…Let’s see…umm…huh…Let’s see what else, what else I remember…uhhh…umm…hmm…[what was it] Oh this kid when he, after he ran into the other kid he was sent to the principal’s office or no it was [UNCLEAR] I don’t remember who it was but he was like really mad about who it was like what’d you say to him and stuff and…[UNCLEAR]…And…umm…let’s see…uhh…Oh there’s the part where it’s like daytime or it’s bright out and they’re at a park or something and the…[UNCLEAR] the accused and his wife were talking together and then umm, [I don’t remember what they’re] talking about uhh but it seemed off it seemed weird [UNCLEAR] interaction and then…uhh and-and like the husband brought her in for a hug but she like rejected it because it was weird. That’s-I don’t know she was acting weird. And then uhh…umm…Let’s see what else…umm…ah…I guess also…uhhh…uh…I remember…Oh I just remembered for some reason the-the-the wife’s father uh was eating steak in the one scene [I can’t remember] what happens after that like it started with that that scene of her him eating a piece of steak, it was like a dinner table or something at a restaurant I think and then, uhhh, she was saying that something was [weird I think like, I don’t know] or no she’s strong, she’s strong I think, [stronger than he think or something like that] umm….uhh...there was also uhh…umm…Let’s see, there was also…uhh…I remember they like, the de-defendant I guess the woman uh was saying that uh the first time [they met I think] I don’t remember what happened, but like at the end of the conversation she was like oh yea like, like she or do you have any uh relatives or anything like that you could contact to get you out of jail or something, on bail. I don’t really know what that conversation was about besides that. And uh…umm…hmm…uh…uhh…Let’s see, what else…um…I remember…uhh…what else what else what else, I remember…uh oh during the news interview um the person that was accused was like acting really weird and was talking after the second ti-uh I don’t know he he’s like put his hand on his head and uh seemed really weird like he was gonna try to try to get himself to cry or something. And…umm…let’s see, what else…


 


