Okay, so, the whole episode, I wasn’t remembering their character [names], but I was thinking about them in terms of who the actors are. So [I’m gonna, I’m just going to refer to everybody] through the actor’s names or, um, however I was thinking about them in my head. So Hugh Grant is in jail for killing his mistress, presumably, umm, and his wife Nicole Kidman starts out by talking to their lawyer about whether or not she thinks he's innocent, and it seems like she's pretty convinced that he is. And then the lawyer goes to the prison where Hugh Grant is, and he has a black eye, and I guess he hits somebody in the fight. And so the lawyer is talking to him about bail, and he's $2 million is his bail, and she's trying to figure out if he has any family or anybody that he can contact to try and get the money, and he is apparently estranged from most of his family, and it seems like he doesn't wanna to talk about why he's estranged with his family. Umm, but Nicole Kidman, her family is really wealthy, um, her dad is the [UNCLEAR] Sutherland. Um, and so he really doesn't like Hugh Grant, doesn't like that Nicole Kidman is with him, and she, I guess, never asks for help from her dad, but because she's really adamant about getting Hugh Grant out of jail. And says that she's gonna, like, separate from him and live separately from him, her dad, gives him the money, and he makes bail and gets out of jail. Umm, then once he gets out of jail, he and Nicole Kidman meet up at a park and they're talking, and he's trying to convince her of his innocence, and he's very much like, I'm not guilty, I didn’t do this. And she's kind of unsure, but is more so sure that she doesn't want to be with him anymore, um, but he seems, like he still wants to be with her. He hugs her and they’re both crying and seems like he wants to try and still be married. And then…after they’re in the park, I don't know if this is before or after, but their son goes to school with Hugh Grant's mistress's son, and he's walking into school and bumps into the mistress's son unclear if it’s on purpose or if it was an accident, but he bumps into him and he’s then like, hi, or I'm sorry and offers to shake his hand. And the mistress's son just kind of stares at him and looks pretty off-put. And then the next scene is the son talking to the principal of the school and sort of trying to figure what happened and the situation and the son is saying that he was being courteous and apologizing to mistress's son for bumping into-into him out of courtesy. And then, I think next was when Hugh Grant went to his mistress's apartment to try and talk to the mistress's son and the mistress's husband or partner about what the situation is. Uh, [so she goes there and is basically like I didn’t kill her, um, and the husband is like get out, like I don’t want to do this, like don’t talk to us, you’re just not supposed to be here, um,] and then there's a baby crying over the baby monitor and the mistress's husband is like, do you want to feed your baby? As it turns out it’s actually Hugh Grant's baby, and then Hugh Grant is feeding the baby and the husband is asking, Hugh Grant doesn't seem shocked by the revelation, [I guess [UNCLEAR] the husband that this is his baby], umm, so the husband is asking if he's ever met the baby before, [UNCLEAR] the baby before, and Hugh Grant has met the baby before and I guess, that time, with the daughter. And then the husband is talking about how it's really difficult to love the baby, um, because he knows that it’s Hugh Grant’s and Hugh Grant offers to take  the baby [UNCLEAR] a lot, and then I think the next scene after that was when Hugh Grant is talking the lawyer and the lawyer is really angry at him for going to talk to the husband and is saying that's witness tampering and it could  get him in really big trouble. Um, and she's saying that the DA might be willing to offer a plea deal if he is willing to plead guilty to manslaughter? Um, and Hugh Grant is like, I'm not going to plead guilty at all, like I’m innocent, I’m not pleading guilty, and they’re talking about how the mistress was really violently murdered. So if he was found guilty of murder in the first degree or something degree, he'd probably go to jail for the rest of his life. But, you know, he's very adamant about not pleading guilty or creating a deal. And then the lawyer is talking about how charming Hugh Grant is and saying that, you know, he's got everybody under his charms and they're gonna try and find a way to make sure that the jury is like as charmed [by him] it seems like. Umm, and then I think the next scene was when Nicole Kidman was playing chess with her father and talking about how her parents were her model for, you know, a good marriage and, uh, her parents always seemed so happy together. But then her dad is like, I was actually cheating on your mom and the whole time, like I was really unfaithful. [And Nicole Kidman is talking about how] he was always showering her mom with jewels and with gifts and with all these, like, lavish things. And, uh, then her dad explains that all of that was basically out of guilt that-that he was cheating on her and that every time he would cheat on her, he always has like a moment where he's like, no, I don't want to this. I want to be faithful with my wife. Um, but then ended up going through the same cycle and that's why he's really upset that Nicole Kidman is with Hugh Grant and he's really nervous that they're going to get back together. Oh, because before this, um, a couple scenes back, Nicole Kidman is at a park and has a flashback. I-I couldn’t tell if it was a flashback of her as a child or if there were just a red headed girl in the park. And Nicole Kidman is in a park and the, s-like the scene gets kind of blurry and fuzzy and then she faints and then wakes up in the hospital and her son and her dad are there and then Hugh Grant comes and he's a doctor. So he's [asking her a bunch of questions] and shining a flashlight in her eyes and making her like touch her nose and his finger and then her nose again and [then he’s like] holding her hand while Hugh Grant is holding her hand. Her dad is like getting really angry so if [UNCLEAR] dad believes that they might get back together, um, but then [yeah so going back] to the chess scene, Nicole Kidman’s dad is talking about how he's really upset that they might [maybe] get back together. And is talking about like his experience with cheating and knows that like Hugh Grant is not a good guy. Um, and Nicole Kidman throws the chess pieces at her [UNCLEAR]. And [UNCLEAR] after that is when they do the interview? Um, Hugh Grant and his lawyer decided to do an interview on TV because this case [has been really] publicized. Um, so it like cuts back and forth between…Hugh Grant and his lawyer on TV and Nicole Kidman [and her son, and her dad] and her sister and her sister's daughter all watching the interview. And…basically the TV interview is asking like, you know, are you guilty, like, what are you thinking? Um, and [UNCLEAR] Hugh Grant talks about how he is not guilty, he's still maintaining his innocence and saying that, like, maybe this happened in a fit of jealousy or a fit of rage. And, um,  camera kind of cuts back to the mistress’s husband, like maybe he was trying to frame or like project the-the search onto somebody that’s not him, like [I think it’s the mistress’s husband that actually killed her] Um, but yeah so he maintains that he’s innocent and then talks about, like, how he was actually in love with this mistress, and even though he's being accused of killing her, he's still in the grieving process, which is really hard. Um, he’s, crying and like cuts over to Nicole Kidman and she's also crying. Um…we [UNCLEAR] at some points during the episode. We see Nicole Kidman and her dad separately talk to who I’m guessing is Nicole Kidman’s sister. She's, um, a blonde woman, with like a daughter, who does ballet. Um, and she's always asking Nicole Kidman or asking her dad if [Nicole Kidman is] okay. And seems like, [UNCLEAR] her reputation for being very strong and very stoic, and not letting things get to her, like not talking very adamantly about her feelings. Oh, I also just remembered that there is a scene [UNCLEAR] in the middle of the first half of the episode where the police show up at Nicole Kidman's dad's apartment trying to talk to Nicole Kidman. Um, and they’re like, oh we saw that, you know, you let your husband back into your house. And, um, they're asking her if she had any relationship with the victim. And she’s like no, and they’re like why did we find this? And it's a painting of her and the victim's face…And, yeah I'm done.
