Before the beginning of the episode, I was introduced to a series of characters. One of which was the accused, a doctor. The second one was, the second character I was introduced to... This is the doctor's wife, I believe. The next slide showed the wife actually and then the murdered husband. No, the husband of the murdered. The first slide showed the doctor and the husband, the cheated one, the one who cheated with the doctor. The third slide showed the children, the one on the left being the doctor's son and the one on the right was the woman who cheated with the doctor's son who had cancer and was currently being seen by the doctor. There's also, on the second slide on the right hand side was the husband of the woman who was cheating. The episode opened up with the doctor in prison and he got into an interview with his defense attorney. He had a mark on his face to which she asked him how did he get it. After giving some nervous body language, he responded that he got it in prison with the boys, I believe. I don't believe she bought it. However, after that there was ... there was an attempt, a successful attempt, to have the doctor bailed out of prison, which I believe was set at $2 million. The doctor's father-in-law was the individual who paid for the bail despite his belief that the doctor was guilty. The reason why the father-in-law let the doctor get out of prison on his own dime, was because he wished to please his daughter. He found himself ill equiped to refute the claims by the wife. Although she had concern, although before the bail was set, the woman did, the wife of the doctor, did consult with a third party, I believe the goal was maintaining an objective perspective. She asked him whether or not he thought the doctor was guilty. He responded, no, he doesn't think so. To which, I believe the person comforted her. After the doctor was out, out on bail, he started putting effort into ensuring the others believed that he was innocent as well. This included consoling the wife, the and also talking to the woman with whom he cheated on's husband, Mr. Alvarez I believe, and Mr. Alvarez's son. The son who has Cancer. Now the individual, the doctor, as he was, after he talked to the woman at the park, and right bef-, and that was before she passed out, he went to the apartment of Mr. Alvarez, rather forcibly. He had his right foot in the door I believe. I think it was the right one. And he begged him, Mr. Alvarez, to please let him in so he could talk to the son. After the doctor talked to the son for a little while, the, Mr. Alvarez, the father, started becoming upset and insisting that the doctor would stop talking to the son. The son did not listen at first, he was very reluctant to go back to the room and asked him some more urgently, the father, asked the son, rather told him, to put on headphones and watch something on the tablet. After that, Mr. Alvarez and the doctor started speaking what was interrupted by the baby monitor going off. Mr. Alvarez tends to the baby with the doctor following soon afterwards. The doctor as he's walking down the hallway sees a room on his right hand side with a picture of the woman with whom he cheated on. Regret did come across his face [UNCLEAR]. And then he went into, that was the room where Mr. Alvarez was in. Anyway, the doctor came in and he sees Mr. Alvarez holding the baby. The baby [UNCLEAR] Mr. Alvarez believed that the baby was the doctor's and his cheating wife's baby, if that makes sense. I don't believe there was a name given. The doctor feeling moved by this observation decided to adopt the baby or at least tend to it. And the defense attorney really didn't like that. She was very adamant about the baby, umm..., being adopted. I believe the doctor did this in an attempt to appeal to Mr. Alvarez so as to show that maybe he is innocent. The trial is still underway. So with this in mind, the defense attorney advises the doctor to have an interview on TV, to which the doctor obliges. This was after the doctor was very insistent on maintaining innocence, despite the defense attorney stating how the doctor had charm and the ability to use that charm on individuals. I believe the defense attorney was making a move on the doctor. [UNCLEAR]. So we go to the TV short, to the TV interview. The woman I believe was Asian, who was interviewing the doctor. She asked the doctor after the defense attorney opened up the conversation, Why would he flee if he was innocent? I don't believe the doctor was fleeing with the intent of seeing a situation as one would be innocent or guilty, but rather clear, I believe. With this, he starts explaining the narrative in a manner of which I believe Mr. Alvarez could be reasonably seen as guilty, given how the doctor was stating that the individual who killed the woman may have done so out of jealousy, rage, and anger. With that, the doctor ends the episode by saying, I believe I know who did it. Well, he responded to the interviewer's question. Do you think you know who did it? The doctor said after some nervous thinking about, he was thinking about nervously, exhibiting very nervous body language. Not making eye contact either. He responded, I do. I'm done. Okay.

