... the wife talking to the lawyer and basically, The lawyer was asking about [UNCLEAR] ... rich people, that's what rich people do ... [UNCLEAR] ... her and her daughter are at the school ... [UNCLEAR] ... talked about, they talked about ... [UNCLEAR] ... the husband was in the jail and his father in law came to talk to him to try to get him out ... ... [UNCLEAR] ... ... the wife is on a walk ... [UNCLEAR]... the son is just surprised that his dad is there ... [the husband insists]... ... ... stating that he tried to love her, love the baby girl but he just couldn't. He couldn't, and um, thats when the doctor offered to ... ... ... Oh I thought, I thought I could get them to believe in me, believe that I didn't kill the wife, but they're like, ... and there was a moment of pause ... [UNCLEAR] ... you got this charisma, you got this charm ... mystify all these other people and then the guy, the doctor, was like well what are we gonna do? ... like even though the police has the case, ... show the audience that you are fucking innocent. So he went on TV, and at first the lawyer was talking, and then the host of the show was talking, and then he talked. He talked about him having, it doesn't feel like he's a good guy. He had an affair, he cheated on his wife that he loved, um, and then he was saying that he was just, he was not gonna let his ... the host asked if he was innocent when he won, then he started talking to doctor ... saying there's something physically and mentally shocking that triggered the wife ... and he left. He escaped, he ran away from the situation, and he was explaining that even though he didn't kill her, he still feels like he needs to run because he had an affair on his wife with this lady who just got killed, and the way that he described why she made ... , seems like he was indicating that he was something ... Mr. Fernando could have been the one that killed her. And he was saying oh, someone could have killed her after I left of jealousy since I made love to her, and the way that his face contorted, ... so that he can seem like this woman that he had an affair with is someone that, someone that he loves. And he's willing to die for someone he loves. This shows the wife watching, the son watching, the father-in-law watching, even Mr. Fernando holding the baby watching, um, and also the blonde best friend, and the wife watching in ... eyes glistening. Like she was about to be ... for him saying that he loves this woman that died. Um, I guess thats ... she had a conversation with ... saying that she just wants a marriage just like her father and mother, but that revealed that she did not want a relationship with them because he constantly cheats on the mom and there was disbelief from her, the daughter, the wife that got cheated on because she didn't say no, like he always wanted kids, and would always shower her with affection and stuff, and the father ... if he had an affair, like he told the wife he had an affair ... stuff like that, that was all ... and of course like the father said I don't want to ... and usually I guess either you could fall back then ... the son overhearing all this whole conversation through the door. Yeah. I'm done. Yeah I think I'm done.