I remember the episode started with Jonathan Fraiser's wife. She was speaking to her lawyer about the possibility of standing trial for her husband’s accusation against the murder of his mistress. They had a long conversation in the office and there's some court cases. She would look out the window a good amount and pace the office a lot. The next part of the episode that I remember was Jonathan Frasier’s son Henry running through the schoolyard and running into the murder victim’s son, and Henry stopped to apologize to try to shake the hand of the son, Miguel. Miguel didn't say anything, looked a little confused, a little startled. And then the son of Jonathan Frasier, Henry, just walked away. The next scene was fairly dark. It looked like the principal for the kids’ school. Henry was sitting in a chair on the left side, speaking to the principal who said he wasn't in trouble, just wanted to understand what happened. Henry said that he apologized. The principal looked shocked that he had apologized and asked him what it was for, and Henry explained the sequence of events prior, mentioning that he ran into Miguel. There was a couple scenes where the wife was with a father who seemed very wealthy. Their house was pretty large, spacious, looked as if it was old money type. Well, staffed and everything. There were a couple of conversations where the wife and the father of the wife would talk about the husband, was mentioning that the father didn't like the husband very much, in the slightest. Then, the father goes to visit Jonathan Frasier in jail where he’s being held. Mentions something about not liking him. The room was fairly lit. There were no tables, they were just sitting in chairs across from each other. It kind of looked Like a child's play area. The next scene that I remember was Jonathan Frazier and his wife walking out of the jail with a ton of reporters swamping the courtyard, trying to get them to give a statement. She, the wife, looked distraught, as if she was about to cry. The lawyer was also there from the first scene by the way. Jonathan stops halfway and makes a statement about how he’s looking to have some privacy at this moment talking about his family, and the wife again looks very distraught and shocked. And they keep moving through this pool of reporters. One of the next scenes that I remember was the wife and her father were sat across each other from a table. The father was discussing how he didn't like Jonathan very much because he reminded him of him. The wife was really confused, said that he loved her mom very much, showered her with gifts and attention, and that's when the father disclosed that he was having an affair, had multiple affairs which the wife would later learn about, and he mentioned that she never wore the jewelry that he got. The wife got very frantic after the father had mentioned something about going back to Jonathan Frasier after this, I guess [UNCLEAR] referring to the murder trial and everything. And she destroyed the chess set that that was in front of her. Asked him how weak does he think she is, and she gets up to leave. It's later shown that Henry the son was peeking through the door, listening in on the conversation. The next scene that I remember was, I can't remember her name, But she’s played by Nicole Kidman, the wife, was wandering through the park. She was being followed by the husband of the murder, murder victim. Very creepily in the dark. It looked like Winter, and she was wearing a long coat. She stopped a couple times trying to determine if someone was following her the scene then cut to her in the daylight in the park, clearly dazed and confused. She was catching snowflakes in her hands, again in a state of shock or confusion or like almost as if she wasn't there mentally, and then she passes out in the park, and some children are like bent over her, looking at her. The scene then cuts to her in the hospital. To which Henry and then her father are there. Her father looks concerned, however, he's got a very hard expression so it's it's more like he comes off disdained, like he hates her or something and then the son is, ya know, just worried for his mother. And Jonathan Fraser comes running through the hospital hallway and bursts into the room, asks how his wife is doing says hi to the Father who looks as if he could murder Jonathan and then cuts to saying hi to Henry who gives him a welcome but no no embrace, no hug, no nothing. He then tries to examine his wife and it cuts to her ask- her asking when she can leave. The next scene then cut to her on the phone of her bal- on her balcony on the phone with her friend. Her friend looked like she was in a ballet studio picking up her daughter talking about having a wine night sleep over to which Nicole Kidman’s character kind of dismissed the whole situation. The next scene that I remember is Jonathan Frasier knocking on the door of his mistress’ apartment I think. It was a fairly colorful, somewhat dark apartment. Definitely lower class compared to the previous houses that we've seen, in the clip. He is let in by the mistress’ husband who does not look happy to see him. He comes in and Miguel, the son, is sitting at the kitchen table. Jonathan goes to try and say hi. Kind of examined him, kinda just say hi. Jonathan goes on to say how he didn't murder his mom. The kid is visibly crying. And the husband goes, mentions that you can't say things to him. And he goes to push Miguel into the room. They have a fairly heated conversation. The husband looks as if he could kill somebody he looked as if he was going to get violent. He didn't get physical. Just kind of ran away from his conversation. Then a baby monitor goes off, and the husband leaves the room goes into the room that he pushed Miguel into, Miguel, I hope it’s Miguel, Miguel into to reveal a baby girl wrapped in a pink blanket she had a hat on and she, he mentions that he has to feed her. He then hand her to Jonathan Frasier who reveals that It's, ya know, his daughter. The husband asks if he's met her if he's held her? And Jonathan replies yes to both. He looks fairly comfortable with the daughter, but just a little uncomfortable. And then he asks if he wants to take him off the husband's hands, because the Husband mentions that it’s hard to love her. Just because of his wife and everything. Then it cuts back to the lawyer's office from the first part of the episode where it's Jonathan talking to the lawyer. The lawyer calls him crazy, accuses him of witness tampering. And that's when they decide to go on to the interview to the interview, they go back and forth a little bit, some coffee is brought in by an assistant in a gray mat mug that I really like. They go back and forth a little bit. He's very confused about, ya know, jury selection and stuff. He reiterates a couple of times that he's not guilty, and then the scene cuts out. The next scene that I remember is them sitting in like a newsroom type thing next to a broadcaster in in like a red dress, I don’t know. They just, ya know, go right into the questions to which, ya know, the the reporter asks Jonathan, like, Oh, this is really weird. And the lawyer mentions that, you know, it’s it's a very public case. And there's definitely just this is his way of getting his side out a little bit. Jonathan, then goes to mention certain things about his infidelity his cheating on his wife a couple times. Actually, that was the main point of the interview for a while. And then the reporter asked another question, which led to the lawyer and Jonathan overlapping in some conversation the lawyer just mentioned, oh the police are doing the best they can. Sometimes evidence isn't always collected efficiently and fairly. This reminded me of the OJ Simpson trial. I don't know much about it. I just remember watching all the documentaries. So I was thinking about that a little bit. And then The reporter made a comment about something, and Jonathan just gets really, really emotional. It felt very real. But it could be a facade. So I'm just I'm not 100% sure if he's guilty or not, but he looks very, very emotional brings up the idea that he lost somebody that he loves, to which they cut to li- Nicole Kidman, watching the interview with her son, and her friend and her father in this big  like watch room. She looks visibly distraught at the fact that he could possibly be in love with this woman. The news reporter then asks if he has any idea of who the killer could be. And Jonathan just looks straight into the camera. And goes Yes, I do. And then the show cut out, and that is everything that I can remember. Done. 