[Okay so this is a show uh like a murder mystery show or [UNCLEAR] about a man who has been arrested uh for the crime of uh, a-a brutal murder of a woman named Elena, Uh the man is Johnathan Frazier who is a doctor, um he knew Elena because he was her son’s doctor um Elena also has a husband [UNCLEAR] a daughter and the daughter is Johnathan’s kid not her husband’s and-and like the-the daughter is very very young, just a baby um and uh Johnathan has a wife and has a son and his son [UNCLEAR] age [UNCLEAR] or close in age to Elena’s son] uh Elena’s son is not Jonathan’s kid it he is her husband’s kid, um and Jonathan’s son is his wife’s son. Um and their boys go to the same, ya know, new York City private school. Um so the wives sort of the two women knew each other a little bit through that uh but maybe not very well um Jonathan uh is in jail and the bail is set at 2 million er it yea um and he asks his wife to help get him out. And she in [UNCLEAR] with her father I guess as a part of a cheating murder scandal um and the father appears to be incredibly wealthy and does bail him out. Uh but first goes to visit him in jail um and he’s very menacing and threatening and telling Jonathan that it’s terrible he shouldn't be doing these things. He wants better for his daughter. Um and if he hurts her uh he will, uh ya know, he will take revenge on the son in law to the best of his own ability, um but in the end he does put up the bail money and Jonathan is released back in his home so he lives in his apartment but the wife and son stay with her dad um so there’s just a little distance there. Uh the, the prison wasn’t like orange jump suits, or like, It was like regular sweatpant attire um the waiting room where they could speak to visitors was not the traditional like phone call through the glass wall situation it was just like a, I don’t know, like the [UNCLEAR] plastic tables and plastic chairs and they’re really close together, uh there weren’t like a lot of guards in the room either. It was not like what you normally see in like a-a prison setting situation. Um and then uh we also see a scene where the the boys are at school. It seems to be just like a regular school day. Um the kid Henry is just like running up to class or something, um and seems to just like accidentally, ya know, kind of bump into someone’s backpack, which turns out to be Miguel’s backpack um so he says sorry, and then he says hi. He puts out his hand. Miguel just stares at him the entire time without making a comment. In fact, at no point in this did Miguel ever say anything. He’s very quiet, just silent, staring. I don’t know And then Henry, uh Jonathan’s son, gets I think sent to the principal’s office. They don’t really give him a title I don’t think, but um he wanted to know what the interaction was. He re-explained it like very clearly I thought, and in good detail, like I bumped into him he said sorry, he was trying to be courteous. He then said hi. Miguel didn’t respond. That was the end of it. It really wasn’t an interaction. Uh I believe then it cuts to like a scene in um the grandfather's house, um and he's talking to his daughter and she tells him that the school, ya know, doesn't want Henry to be there. He wants them homeschool him. Um although it didn’t seem like anything came of that because [there was a future scene] where Henry was at school. In the school uniform and stuff. So, yeah, I don’t really know what happened there. Um uh they're also, oh so I think it started with the scene of the-the wife of Jonathan Frazier talking to his lawyer, that I guess is his defense attorney. Um at first [UNCLEAR] to imply that like she-the defense attorney thought that like Jonathan Frazier’s wife was the one that killed Elena and not Jonathan, like a fit of rage where sort of like passion murder or something. Um uh but then it seems like she decided to stop pursuing that line of questioning. Uh the police do not have her as a suspect [it seems that the] only suspect was Jonathan. Um and that his wife just like would walk around New York City [UNCLEAR] setting um just, ya know, that ‘s how she does things. She gets anxious and she goes for a walk. So her going for a walk during like the time of the murder, around the time of the murder was not like outside of her life normal experiences. Um so like the fact that like I guess some sort of like cctv camera or something like that had pictures of her just like crossing the street, wandering around uh wasn’t completely unusual it just was what it was. Um and uhh [UNCLEAR] So we have that scene with the um the scene with the kids at school, we also see uh, she has a friend that she seems to mostly talk to on the phone [I think there’s only] one scene where they’re actually in person. That friend has a daughter who I assume is the same age as the boys. But the kids don’t all seem to really interact so unclear. Uh I know that daughter’s in ballet because [there were some scenes of them at a] ballet studio. Um and that friend seems to be very helpful and supportive and wanted what’s best for her and I assume doesn’t like Jonathan, no one really seems to like Jonathan, including his own wife and his son. Um yea it seemed like cheating was only the beginning of the flaws that was happening. Um yea, uhh they definitely have a lot of scenes of her walking around. There was a scene where she they did um in I think central park. And first, there was a group of kids like playing. I guess someone called 911 because the next scene she’s waking up in the hospital. Her dad’s there, her son’s there, her husband is running through the hospital. He performs a like, uh some sort of exam on her. Um he calls her A-okay. Ya know has her do the like the following like the like flash in the eyeball and like ya know use your eyes to follow his finger, can she touch her nose and reach out and all this. Um yea, so she says that it was just like anxiety and stress induced. That’s what the doctor told her. Her friend calls her and she repeats the same story. Um it seems, ya know, not uh unexpected for her to be anxious during all of this so [UNCLEAR] she’s just overwhelmed by the fear of life, and um we also see uh scenes of Jonathan talking to his own defense attorney, um but before that scene he goes to the, you know, the victim’s husband’s house where Miguel lives and his daughter lives. It was very awkward at first, ya know, he didn’t want to let him in, and then he like kind of did the like shove your foot in the door jam situation to get inside. That was very intimidating, definitely witness tampering at minimum. Um he then performed some sort of weird like, uh I don’t know lymphatic system exam or something on the son and was like ah yea he’s fine. Uh the dad sends the kid to the room [UNCLEAR] don't- do not interact with this man. Um they have a very tense conversation. They sort of talk about, I-I don’t know, claims he’s innocent. I don’t think the other guy believes him, maybe he wants to. It’s really un-unclear what’s going on there. Um a lot of emotions, but the baby starts crying. They walk over to it. Um ya know, he says, ya know, this is your daughter. It appears that Jonathan had never met her before. You know, he like takes her hat off and so he can probably see her face. Um so uh the baby’s probably only a few months old it’s a girl. Um so it seems like the affair had been going on for a while and uh [UNCLEAR] all that time to carry a pregnancy, give birth to a daughter, and the daughter, ya know, wasn’t a newborn anymore, but it was still a little baby. Um Jonathan also feeds her. He he seemed to get attached to her, calls her beautiful [UNCLEAR] right away uh whereas the man that’s raising her, Elena’s husband did not seem to want anything to do with her. Uh ya know, I guess it’s a reminder of like his wife’s infidelity, and everything’s just kind of a mess. Um but he did prepare the bottles. It was like he was like doing everything he needed to do to ensure that she was okay. He was really trying, um and then he talked about how like he like was finding it very hard to be a parent to he if he didn’t feel love for her. He wanted to, but he just couldn’t uh and then Jonathan offered to take full custody. Except we don’t ever find out what happens with that like she doesn’t come up again. Um cause in the next scene Jonathan’s talking to his defense attorney. She’s calling him an idiot. You’re not allowed to talk to the witness, like it’s just not allowed. Um so, the whole character witness situation’s going on there. Uh but in the end, she, ya know, they sort of have a conversation about taking different plea deals. Ya know he adamantly refuses to take anything. He’s willing to go to trial for life in prison. He says he is definitely innocent. He is just not um apart of this at all. Um so they go on some sort of like morning talk show where she asks like ya know, not very difficult questions. He gets very emotional, but he doesn’t cry um which I think probably doesn’t go over very well with the audience, ya know, it is highly emotional, but he just can’t, his face looks tight, but not upset necessarily. Um the lawyer does a really good job of stopping him if he’s talking [about things] he shouldn’t be, and just kind of controlling the narrative uh clearly clearly very well prepped for this interview. Ya know, he maintains his innocence. He continually says it. He keeps up on that, tries talking to them a lot about different aspects and stuff. Um he, ya know, works really hard to explain what happened that night, what he saw, what he thinks is going on. He seems to imply that he thinks her husband did it in like a fit of rage against his wife like not being faithful to him. Um yea he doesn’t, doesn’t like name him explicitly though, it just feels like somewhat implied. He’s very clear about the like I think he/him situation with the pronouns and stuff. They talk a lot about like the police work and like clearly Jonathan had been at the apartment earlier that day [he knew he placed his] DNA all over it. The police easily found that but that doesn’t necessarily make him the killer. Um the police obviously wanna deal with this swiftly because it is a high profile case so the lawyer talks about how like there’s so much pressure that it becomes easy for police to make a human mistake. It’s very difficult. Um it’s just super hard. Um yea…we are…we see um the it cut to like the his wife, his son, his father in law and some of their friends just like at their home watching this on the news, um but they were quiet the whole time so we didn’t really glean anything from that. Uh so kind of prior to this, the police stopped by the wife’s house and told her that um Elena, the victim, had called her many times on her phone the week leading up to the murder, um but she never picked up. She said she never picked up because it’s an unknown number [UNCLEAR] by contact. She just, ya know, like didn’t wanna deal with it. And then they said that they had an oil painting of her’s, cause Elena was uh an artist um and uh it was a like an o-obviously of that life like it was very clear who the painting was of [UNCLEAR] ya know detailed face. So we all knew that and um…yea uhhh but she said that she didn’t really know her. She didn’t know anything about her, she didn’t know what was going on. Yea…uh…yea I think I’m done. I don’t I don’t feel like I can recall anything else. Okay, thank you. 