 Okay, so it starts with the wife of the accused kind of like walking through the streets at night. It was in like regular camera footage and CCTV footage. And then the lawyer asking, or like kind of talking to her about it, like why was she there? Kind of accusing her. She says she didn't do it, the lawyer says that even if she didn't do it, she may have some involvement or she's withholding information, she calls her entitled, yeah, I think then we see the accused in prison. Also, like then talking to the lawyer too. And she doesn't really seem to believe anything he's saying, but she's like defending him. He maintains that he's innocent. He got in a fight with someone. Well, he was attacked or something and he bit someone. And ... she asks him who else, like has he been cheating with? And he says, there's been one other person that he cheated with, like one night stand when he was distraught or something, because he lost a patient. I think, or something with the patient. And she presses to makes sure that this is the only person, he says that's the only person, she doesn't believe him, but they continue. Also asks if he, like if the- if he has $2 million for the bail. He says he doesn't, she asks if he has any family that does. He says, no, he's estranged from his family and she's like you're estranged from everyone. So he doesn't have anyone. And then ... I guess, is when we see her, the wife of the accused's dad, who is very wealthy and the wife asks him for money to get, like to bail him out. And he basically agrees, doesn't really like, think that he should, but kind of says okay, I think. And then I think maybe he, it's then the father goes to the jail to see the accused and tells him that he still thinks he's guilty. But his daughter asked him to do it, so he's going to do it. And so he bails him out, but that if he does anything to hurt his daughter or his grandson, then he'll kill him. And then I think maybe we see the accused's son, like accidentally bump into the victim's son at school. The victim's son seems scared. The accused's son tries to like shake his hand and say sorry. And the victim's son says nothing. And then the accused's son is in the principal's office, or someone's office, asking him like what happened. And the son says that, like basically just recounts, says that he said he was sorry, but just because he bumped into him. And then I think we see the wife of the accused talking to her dad about how they want, like the school wants them to homeschool her son. Blah blah blah, I think I don't, I don't remember the chronological order completely after this. But at some point he, like now, the accused is out of jail. He's walking with his wife in the park and they're talking about, I don't even know what they're talking about, but they're, they're walking. Oh, no, no, no, no. Go back. I remember, okay, before the, or like after the conversations between the wife and the son or the wife and her dad, the police come and are asking the wife about these calls that came from the victim, like they found on the victim's phone to the wife and she says that she's never had any contact with her. And they're like, yeah, it says that you didn't pick up and she's like, I don't pick up like, unknown numbers. And she's like, um, sorry, um, I don't know, they like don't believe her, but she doesn't, she's kind of being hostile. And then, um, she, oh they asked her, like, she's never, oh, if they do, if she knew that the victim was an artist, she says she only knew from the news. And they're like, you didn't pose for her? And she's like, what? And they show this incredibly detailed portrait that they found of the, the wife in, in the victim's basement or something. She has no idea how it got there, or that's what she's saying. And then, then we go to the park, the accused is walking with his wife and she brings up the painting. And he's like, yeah, she was obsessed with you. He doesn't really seem not worried about it. She seems worried about it. And then I don't know what else they talk about, but she gets upset. Says that she will ne- like he will never be a husband to her. And he may or may not be innocent. And then he like hugs her and she tells him to stop and he keeps hugging her and she keeps telling him to stop. And what happens after that? ... I don't know. They have some random scenes of the son playing like the violin and the grandfather walking in and like talking about the violin. And that the son just wants to be different. That's why he picked the violin when everybody else picks drums and stuff. And then ... maybe that's when we see... I feel like I'm definitely missing a bunch and maybe I'll remember, but we see the... The accused go to the victim's, the victim's house where her husband and their son and baby live. Um, he like barges in, like asks to come in but like puts his shoe in the door. And then he goes to her son, and tells him that he's innocent and the son is crying. And he's just being really intense. And the husband tells him to get out. He doesn't get out. And then the baby starts crying. And through this the accused keeps saying that like he's innocent, they need to know he's innocent. So they go to the, oh yeah the baby's crying, the husband goes to get her, the accused comes after. And reveals that like the baby is actually the victim and the accused's son- or daughter. And asks, if he wants to hold her, the accused wants to hold her. He says, yeah, and that he's held her before. And the husband says that like she's so beautiful, but it's been hard to love her, given everything. Um, yeah, and then we see the accused go to- he's at like his lawyer's office later, and she's like, why would you, why would you go? Now you're like witnes- or tampering with witnesses. This is like against your bail. Why did you think that this would help anything? And she's like, oh, you honestly thought that, that you could convince them because you've gotten away all your like with charm, and that like you can just convince people of things. And then they kind of went into a weird moment where like, they're super close and he's looking at her lips and then he asks if he passed the test. She says, barely or something. But then they say that, like the lawyer says that they're going to use his charm to win over the jury and that they're going to make a public statement on like national TV. And so then they go to national TV. Oh, okay, wait, before this. I don't know when it happens. I guess after the violin thing before going to the, to the victim's house. I don't know. But the ... the wife of the accused was like walking in a park kind of like hallucinating a little bit, seeing this like white, fluffy thing rise from her hand, like vision going in and out and then she passes out. Wakes up in the hospital. She's okay. She had a panic attack. Again he, like the, the husband comes, the accused, and he's like playing doctor and she's telling him to stop and he's like, I don't know, checking her like, reactions like he does and stuff. And they are all holding hands, happy family. And then oh, again, okay, I'm kind of, I feel like I'm messing up this chronological order. But the, at some point around this time, also, the wife of the accused and her dad are at- like playing chess together talking about kind of the whole situation. ANyway, she said something about wanting to be happy like her parents and her dad's says that his- her mom and dad were never happy and that he had been unfaithful to her the whole marriage. And she says that, that that can't be possible. She always saw him buying her gifts and like showering her with love and stuff and he says, yeah, that that was true, but he was always unfaithful to her and he would be unfaithful and go get her gifts. And she would never wear them and they were never happy and the reason he's so wary of- Or yeah, I guess, he was so wary of the accused, like her husband is that he reminds him a lot of him. Yeah, also earlier kind of a lot earlier that I don't remember when it happened. We see like a short news clip where the anchors are accusing like the fact that he got out on bail is because he's white and privileged. And if even the victim's husband was accused or a black man accused, he would not be able to get out. So it's like racist bias. And then okay, flash forward, what I was talking about before, they go on national television. It's just, it's the accused, the lawyer and an interviewer asking like if he's innocent or whatever. He says he's innocent and says that he's like, oh, she, the interviewer asked him like why did he run away after finding her body? Like, that's his- that's his story, and he says that he was in shock. And that it's like a real medical shock. And she says innocent people don't run away. He's like, he ran away. And that he didn't feel innocent because he had been unfaithful to his wife. And then he- oh and, she's talking about how his DNA is all over the crime scene. And then he starts, he- I don't know, she said- she says that he's acting like he's the victim. He says he's not the victim. But also he like, lost the woman he loved. And he kind of starts fake crying. And we like, we see his wife's face and she looks shocked that he's saying that he loves this woman when he's been saying that he like, is only devoted to her. And yeah, and then, hold on ... victim... he's crying. Yeah, oh, and then the interviewer says like, do you know, who you think it is? Who did this? And he's like, yes, and he kind of implies that it was the victim's husband. He's, his his the story he's showing is that that he's guilt- he's he's not guilty of murder, but he may have induced jealousy. Like maybe the husband walked in on them having sex and then, like, bludgeoned her or something, or like that's the reason she was killed. And we see the victim's husband kind of like watching the program though we don't see much of him. Um, yeah, and I think that's mainly it, I don't know if I have anything else. The only thing is when the wife and her dad are talking, he says that he's afraid that she's going to, like, just stay with her husband, the accused and she's like, how weak do you think I am? And like, pushes the chestboard at him. And I think that's all. Okay, I'm done. Okay, cool.