Okay, so in the beginning it started off with uh, the wife was talking to the lawyer about it. And the lawyer was kind of insinuating that maybe she did the murder because there were pictures of her walking around before and after the crime. But then she's like, oh, actually the police don't think it's you because you have an alibi. She didn't say alibi but um, the pictures were her alibi. Um, because the wife likes to go on walks a lot. And then um, the lawyer made a comment and was like, you are going to have to go on stand and kind of testify against her husband I guess, or for her husband. Um, and the wife was like, I'm not going on the stand. Um, and then it cut to him in jail. Um, and he seemed, he went to jail, he's in Jail, and they brought him out to the waiting area. He was talking to his lawyer and um, Jonathan was kind of being a dick and uh, pretty much at that point I thought he was guilty. Um, because he wasn't really like saying like, oh, I didn't do it. I was just like being a dick to his uh, his lawyer. And then um, his wife was talking to his father-in-law, um, and saying how like, I really want you to help me out. Um, and trying to give me like this grace. Um, and just asking for his like love or whatever. But then um, it cut to his son at school and he bumped into uh, the lady he kills, killed son. Um, and the kid said uh, like, bumped into him and was like, hi, I'm sorry. Um, and it kind of seemed like he was apologizing for his mom and not bumping into him. But then it was him in the principal's office and he was telling the principal that he talked to Miguel, I think his name's Miguel, and his principal was like, why would you do that? He was like, well it's cause I bumped into him. So I said sorry cause I bumped into him. And then uh, we get to a point where uh, I think uh, we we find out that the bail is two million dollars cash or like that's how much they need to pay. The bail is actually ten million dollars. And uh, his wife asks his uh, her, her father um, at an art museum to pay the two million dollars um, bail um, and the, he didn't really want to but he was like, my daughter needs to ask like ask for something. And then the father-in-law goes to visit Jonathan in jail and he's like, I know you did it and I hate you and I don't believe you. And then he leaves before Jonathan kind of gets a word in. And then um, I think that's kind of when the first episode ended and and he kind of gives you the feeling that like Jonathan committed a crime uh, but then the second part started and uh, the lady who died's wife, I mean husband, I'm not sure what his name was. He was all sus, like suspicious and like following uh, Jonathan's wife around. I don't know if that was the same night but it was, he just like follows her around and it's really suspicious and it kind of gives you the feeling that maybe he did something but then it goes on and uh, the uh, lawyer is telling Jonathan that she wants him to go on a press conference, or not a press conference, on the news. She kind of like showed the world that he's a really good person because uh, oh no, that was uh, sorry. Jonathan first went to the lady who died, his, her husband's house because he was treating the kid who is sick and he kind of walked in and the husband didn't want Jonathan there and he was pretty cold to him and wouldn't let him in and then finally let him in. And then Jonathan was weird and uh, when checking on the kid um, Miguel, and then the father sent Miguel to his room and then they have a talk and Jonathan's like I didn't kill her and I wanted you to hear it from me and he's like, the husband uh, to the lady who died, didn't really believe him but then you hear the baby monitor go off, the baby's crying, he's like I gotta feed the baby and then Jonathan goes in there with him and the father says do you want to feed your child because apparently it's not um, the lady who died's husband's kid. It's uh, like the kid out of wedlock um, to Jonathan and the lady who died, and then Jonathan's talking to the lawyer and the lawyer is mad at him for going to see the husband, and she's mad at him because he thinks he's all charismatic and she said that uh, he thinks he's all that and that he can change his guy's mind and kind of almost ask for forgiveness and then she says to him that she wants him to go on to the news and kind of show America that he's a charismatic guy and maybe win them over, and then he's on the news and he's getting interviewed uh by the news lady and he at first doesn't really say the he didn't do it, but he's like acting weird and like concurrently like, it switched to uh, his wife and his kid and the father-in-law and the wife's friend and her kid and they were all in the house that they live in watching him on the news and it went back to the news story and um, Jonathan was like, I didn't kill her and um, the lawyer said that the police didn't do a good job um, she didn't really say that but then the news anchor or the interviewer um, kept trying to push like you don't think the police did a good job and um, then the lawyer's like, well it is an election cycle and they combed it over um, uh, during that time uh, like, during the time the lawyer was telling uh, Jonathan that she wanted him to go on the news so after he visited the husband, uh, she also said that his like DNA was all over the apartment probably because he like went over there all the time um, and uh, back to the news story thing uh, the interviewer kept saying like, well, why did the police do a bad job? If like, they found his DNA everywhere um, and the lawyer was like, oh, they're probably um, they probably rushed through it because the media wants an answer, and then Jonathan goes on to say that he loved the lady who died and that he knows who did it um, I'm done. I think