Um, the episode started out with the red head, wife, Grace, and the lawyer talking. Um, I don't remember what they talked about, I'm trying to think. But that didn't make me feel like he was any [less guilty]. And then it shoots to her and her dad. And then I think it shows the kid at school and then he bumps into, um... Oh, wait I remember at the beginning. So yeah, so the Red Head, Grace, is with the lawyer and the lawyer said, oh, you went for a walk, was it you? And I was like, um, maybe it was her. And then... She described that the police actually had photos [that showed her] coming back. She [assumed] or something, and so she definitely didn't do the murder. But they were trying to use it to get her to admit something. And I think at that point, or maybe later, she said that like his DNA was all over the scene. And you can figure out she's the defense lawyer. And there's also the kid, the son at school, with Elena, the murdered woman's son. And he bumps into him and he says he's so sorry and he goes to shake his hand. And it's not really clear if he's saying I'm so sorry for your mom or I'm so sorry because I bumped into you, but then he is called into the office. And everyone's sort of looking at him because they're confused. And like they might want to have him be homeschooled for a while. And there's a point where the lawyer is with the man who is being accused of murder at the prison. And you find out he's been punched, and I guess he bit somebody? And then she's like, who else have you had an affair with? And he admitted, he said one. But it was like a one-time thing apparently. And then... She's saying he should get bail because if he's in jail, he's going to look guilty-er. And then he says he's estranged from his family, which is a little shady, but his family could suck, so we don't ever really find out why. And then he goes to her dad. And her dad is like, this guy sucks, but I'll do it. And then the dad meets with a guy in prison. And he's like, hey, I [believe] you killed her, but I can't say no to my daughter so I'm gonna help you get out. And then he gets out. And there's a blonde woman who I think, I forget. [I think] she's the sister, and she has her own daughter, who's like the niece. Oh, I think it was episode two. He's trying to reconnect with his wife. And she's sort of like, don't, they're at a park, and she's like, don't touch me, don't, you know, I'm never gonna be into you like that again. She definitely loves him, but she isn't gonna forgive him. I think she maybe believes he's innocent. And then at some point, the man goes, [who's accused of] murder, goes to the Elena's husband's house with the kid. [And he's there] and he's like, examining the kid and he's trying to tell the kid and the husband that he didn't do the murder. And then his daughter is there. And so the dad, Elena's husband, lets him [feed] the girl and then... He offers to take care of [her, but clearly] , he doesn't take care of [UNCLEAR] He's never seen with her. We don't know whether or not the wife knows about the baby. There's a lot of shots of the wife, so she maybe did something, something a little bad. But yeah, the [man] [UNCLEAR- I think she said "is accused of"?] murder. [He seriously] needs to get over himself. And then, um, yeah... The lawyer says he should go on TV. The lawyer tries to [fake seduce him?]. So she knows whether or not he's gonna cheat all the time, which is weird. And then, um... The red-head passes out. And then they're all in the hospital. And he's like holding her hand. He's like... Being romantic and the son's looking at him. Like, he doesn't trust his dad. And he's scared. And then the father-in-law is looking at the guy accused of murder, the husband, Like, ooh, I don't know what's going on there. And then... He goes on TV and he admits that he loved the woman. And he seems to phrase it as though... In a fit of jealousy, someone killed... Elena. And he's trying to pinpoint it on the husband, the... Uh, Elena's husband. But I feel like it might have been the wife. Um ... Or him ... Yeah, I feel like that's what I remember. I feel like that's the main thing I remember. But I can keep going if you wanted me to. Okay.