So thescene open up, opens up with Grace, the wife of the accused, talking with her lawyer, about why she was walking around New York City, I think it's New York City basically within a block of the murder of her husband's affair partner. She justifies that she takes these walks to clear her head, that's for her like a little routine, and the lawyers kind of like, grilling her and being a little aggressive, and Grace is not enjoying the fact that she's being aggressive, um but eventually they seem to get along and the lawyer mentions that they are not concerned with her being one of the murder suspects, and they are still just considering her husband as the murder suspect. After Grace leaves the lawyers office, she appears in a scene with her father eating soup, I believe, she is not hungry, that is something that I noticed within the scene, um, and she talks to her father and asks that she gets uh support from him uh in this matter in terms of her husband being in jail.  I'm actually forgetting exactly what scene comes next, I remember the son at school, bumping into the deceased's uh, son, saying sorry then being called to the headmaster's office, explaining what happened, with the encounter between him, and the deceased's son. Uh, Grace also meets with a mysterious man, and asks for his objective opinion on her husband's case, in which he says he doesn't think that the husband did it. Uh, the lawyer also meets with the husband in jail, uh, kind of grills him, and says, you know, did you do it? What else do you have that you're not telling me that I need to know about for the case? He admits to having another affair partner besides Elena. That, that one was, uh, fueled by grief, and issues at work. It's also said that his bail is set at $2 million, so that he needs $2 million to be released, which is where Grace comes in and asks her father for the $2 million in bail to assist the case for her husband. While she promises not to be with him, that she will stay within her father's house while he stays at the apratment that they share, and uh, the father agrees, says yes to giving the $2 million in bail. Then the next scene is Jonathan being released, uh, coming out of the, uh wherever he was being held. Going back to his meeting with the lawyer while he was in jail. He did get into a fight in the court yard where he alleges he was ganged up on then he admits to biting one of the other inmates. Going back to him leaving the jail, he stops in front of the reporters, says he's unequivocally not guilty, uh that he'll be proving his innocence. Later that night, Grace is at her father's, the police come to talk to her, they tell her, they grilled her about Elena, whether or not she knew Elena, they say that Elena had tried to call her cell phone multiple times until uh the day of the murder. Then they found an oil painting of Grace in Elena's basement, uh she's an artist, but it was very detailed, uh painting of Grace. Uh, the next scene cuts to Grace and Jonathan talking about the painting, walking through a park. You know, asking why Elena had uh, painted this oil painting, of Grace, uh Jonathan kind of brushes everything off and says who knows uh, they're walking through and Jonathan's trying to convince her that uh he still loves her, and she's being very adamant that she will never go back to him, while he's definitely making his best efforts to change her mind at the moment. They have a [UNCLEAR] hug, and Grace removes herself from that hug and walks away. Um, I'm trying to think of what's next ... The next scene that I am thinking of, Grace is walking through the park, at first it's late at night, and you see her kind of like looking over her shoulder and we're getting glimpses of Elena's husband, um, in the background and then suddenly it's daytime, and she's standing in front of a bunch of children um and she's having this like blurred vision and like, [UNCLEAR] noises and she collapses, she then wakes up in the hospital with uh her son and her father visiting. She says she's okay, everything's fine, it was stress-induced, uh Jonathan barges in very frantically. Uh, you know, asks her how she is, she said the same thing, it was stress-induced, uh, he checks her out as he is a doctor uh, and you know, presents as a very loving husband, holding her hands uh while her father looks on, quite disapprovingly and the son is, quite, you know, unsure and is wondering what is going on between his parents. Next, she's on the phone with, I actually don't know who this woman is, I feel like we weren't really introduced to her. She has blonde hair, she's at her daughter's ballet recital or something and then talking about, you know, getting together, having drinks, relaxing later on and Grace is reassuring her that everything is fine, she's fine. I believe the next scene uh, is Jonathan going to, Elena's husband's apartment uh to convince him that Jonathan did not kill her, his wife. Jonathan, apologizes to Miguel as his- he was his cancer doctor so he checks on him says oh you're looking healthy and says, you know, I didn't kill your mom, I'm so sorry. Elena's husband, I forget his name sends Miguel away into his room and then began talking where Jonathan says I didn't do it, I didn't do it. Um, and then there's crying on the baby's intercom, so the husband, Elena's husband goes and checks on the baby, uh she's crying and then Jonathan follows him and it's revealed that it's actually Jonathan's son, or daughter. So, Elena's husband says, do you want to hold her, and Jonathan does, he feeds her and they talk, they say, uh Elena's husband asks if he's ever held her or met her and he has in the past, um which is quite suspicious as clearly no one knows that this is Jonathan's son that he had with Elena. Um, I think the next scene was him talking with the lawyer Haley again uh talking about how he's going to present his case, how he should take the plea deal of uh voluntary murder and he, oh they were arguing about the fact that he got to Elena's husband's house and that was a violation of his bail, um how he should take the plea deal uh but he insists that he is innocent, and that he will not because he is innocent. Uh and they had like a weird moment where the lawyer talks about how charismatic he is and what strategy they will use to convince people he is charismatic, and they decide that he will go on television and uh tell the public about his side of the story to convince them, and get in the jury's heads before the trial starts. Um, I don't think this is the next scene, but they're on television, the lawyer, Jonathan and the interviewer um talking about uh the case, uh and he kind of gets grilled a little bit by the interviewer, she asks you know, uh did you do it, he's like no, of course, I'm innocent, she says the interviewer is like, well police have this evidence, they think you've done it and he said of course um, but um, someone else is the killer, someone else has done it, and I know who it is, uh they have to- I forget totally all of the dialogue, but um, the interviewer is like oh you're kind of like a- you're acting like you're a sort of victim of this case, he says, well I am, um you know, I've lost someone that I loved as well, he kind of, in this interview, does imply, that it's the husband who killed Elena, and all this time the husband is watching, Elena's husband is watching, holding his literal baby and Grace, her son, her father, and the one woman are all watching as well on the other end, and Grace is realizing her- well, her husband is lying, I think, on live television about all these things, he's, you know, admitting that he loves Elena, uh and all of that. Uh, there was the scene in between um Jonathan and the lawyer talking and them being on television, Grace did play chess with her father, uh where he had admitted to being unfaithful to her mom, and then they had a whole conversation where the father seems to blame himself for her choice in men uh, which is you know, what happens in families. Um so they have like a slight argument where Grace says that she will not be fooled again by Jonathan, and it's revealed that her son uh is standing in the doorway listening to the whole thing. Uh, I believe I'm done, I don't think, I can't think of anything else that happens uh, at the moment... Uh, I'm done.