To start off, we have Nicole Kidman's character Jonathan wife. She's walking down a street across from the sidewalk. Then she has to go to a meeting with Jonathan's lawyer. And the lawyer asks her whether or not she's withholding information. The lawyer thinks she's withholding information and not telling the whole truth, like Nicole Kidman's character knows more than what she's willing to tell and the lawyer is getting a little frustrated. Then what happens next is I remember seeing the kids at school and Jonathan's kid bumps into Elena's kid and said sorry for bumping into him and they go to the principal's office and the principal wants to kick Jonathan's kid out of school for the duration of the trial. And Jonathan goes over to Elena's husband's apartment and tries to smooth them over, try to apologize, explain himself; Elena's husband is not receptive to that at all. He is very confused, not confused why hes here but he's very on edge. And Elena's son is instructed to go back to the room. And there's a baby, which it sounds like it's Jonathan and Elena's baby. And Elena's husband asked Jonathan if Jonathan wants to feed the baby, Jonathon says yes. He also says how he's seen the baby before, met the baby before. There's another scene with Nicole Kidman's character and her father, the father-in-law, Jonathan's father-in-law, where it's found that they have to pay a $2 million bail, and the father-in-law does not want to do it, but he will for his daughter. Then there's another scene where the lawyer meets Jonathon in prison. She also still assumes that he's not telling the whole truth. He denies having a relationship with anyone outside of his wife and Elena once and then they talked about how there was one sad, he was sad one time and hooked up with someone and another part that I remember is the father-in-law comes to see Jonathan as well in the jail when he fails now and says something to the effect of I don't want to do this but I will do this because I mean I think you're guilty, but I'm still going to pay it off because that's what's best for my daughter. But I want you to know I think you did it. Next part that I remember is the lawyer [screaming? reaming?] Jonathan out for even attempting to witness tamper and then the lawyer and Jonathan get close and you can sense some magnetism between them like something might happen between them, maybe they might kiss. It's just that's the point where Jonathan's charisma, the character is really highlighted and then what the lawyer does after that is suggested to go on national television. On national television is the reporter, the interviewer, then you have Jonathan and his lawyer. Jonathan starts crying as if he's the victim even though he says I'm not trying to be the victim, but I do feel like I lost something too. So he's trying to explain himself and explain why he's innocent. At the same time, the lawyer is doubting the ability of the police. She says I don't question the ability of the police but sometimes they make human errors, planting a seed of doubt for the potential jury pool, she mentions those words specifically. And he starts crying, seeming really emotional, really appealing to whoever might be viewing and while he's doing this interview his wife and his son are watching. So they're watching their dad, or the son is watching his dad, talk about what he did and how he cheated on his wife or, you know, the son's mother, and he starts- the kid starts tearing up a little bit and [I'm trying to think] what else ... I think so. Yeah, I'm done. Cool.