So, the scene, it opened up the wife was talking to Jonathan's lawyer, I believe her name was Grace, the wife's name was Grace, so she's talking to Jonathan's lawyer and they're discussing about his case and she kind of seemed like she was guilty of something but I wasn't sure what it was. And then the next scene, it went on. I believe it was Grace with her father. They were accused- describing Jonathan and how not to trust him, and he wasn't good for her. And Grace just wanted her father to be by her side and had unconditional support. But the father seemed a little off too, I wasn't sure what it was, but it was also like he was hiding something. And then, it went on, I believe the, Grace's father went to go meet Jonathan in the jail. Oh wait, the lawyer went to meet Jonathan in jail and Jonathan seemed a little innocent. He wasn't really too nervous about his case. He seemed like he just, was ready to accept whatever happened or he was ready to get out or I don't know, he just seemed very calm in the situation compared to how I would think others would be. The lawyer in a sense believed he didn't do it. And then I remember the father going to meet Jonathan in the jail and the father basically accused Jonathan of doing it, saying he wasn't innocent. And he didn't really trust Jonathan. Later on in the scene he talks about how he doesn't really like Jonathan. And Jonathan didn't really seem angry, he just accepted that. And the next thing I remember was the son bumping into the victim's son and he apologized for it, for bumping into him and the son seemed to be genuine, nice. And the victim's son also seemed to be OK. And then Grace's son, no, I believe the son was talking to someone and they were kind of, I don't remember who it was, but they weren't really happy that the son said sorry to the victim's son and that was pretty odd. But the son, he seemed genuine because he talked about how he's trying to do good. And then I remember Jonathan going to, I remember Jonathan and Grace going on for a walk and they were talking and Grace, she thinks he doesn't, he didn't kill her, but she's also feel very betrayed and hurt by what Jonathan, by Jonathan's infidelity. And she just seems a little confused about what she should do after. And then I remember Grace talking to her father, telling her father, the father telling her not to believe Jonathan, not to fall into his trap, and then she, Grace, talked about how she wanted her family to be happy and how she always saw her parents and then her father told her that he cheated on his wife and she was very angry about that. She didn't want to believe it. She thought it wasn't true and the father had to tell her that she had to accept it and that it happened and all those gifts were just because he cheated and, but he loved his wife. And she was angry and then threw the chest and, yeah she meant it, and she said something about like, how stupid do you need to be to buy in to the father about Jonathan, about believing in Jonathan. And then, next scene, Jonathan goes over to the victim's family's house and she sees the son, well he sees the son, and he apologizes to the son for, that his mother passed away but says he didn't do it and then the victim's husband, he didn't want to let him in at first. He actually had his foot at the door but Jonathan kept pushing himself in and he finally let Jonathan in and then the baby monitor went off after Jonathan said he didn't kill her, and Jonathan looked at a picture of the victim on the wall and then the victim's husband went to go pick up the baby and it kind of inferred like maybe the baby wasn't his I guess, because he was saying how he didn't really love the baby in the way, and was asking Jonathan if he had seen the baby and if he was, oh yeah if he had seen the baby and if he had held the baby and basically asking questions about how close he is to the baby. And then the victim's husband looked very distraught in a way, maybe because he's the potential killer, and um, yeah I remember the son he was listening but they don't want to make it seem like he was listening because his dad told him to go in his room, pushing him in there in the beginning so, but he was actually listening. And then the next scene I remember was ... the lawyer and Jonathan had another meeting and kind of inferred that they kind of had a relationship maybe in the past, she was saying how she wanted, she wanted people to see Jonathan the way she sees him, and the way how other people see him, yeah. She kind of, she was angry that he went and she was saying how, that he really thinks that she was able to change the husband's mind. I don't know how to describe it, basically saying like does he think he has that kind of power in a sense. And he didn't really think he was doing that but she was asking if he was doing that. And then, yeah and then she mentions about going on live tv and describing what happened while just proving his innocence. And then he agreed to it and she said she would be by his side. And then the next scene, Grace went for a walk, I think this happened before that scene, but Grace went for a walk and she woke up in the middle of the night randomly and she went for a walk and the victim's husband was following her but she didn't know, she didn't realize, and she was walking until the sun came up and then she ended up at a park, and she saw his plane and then she kind of felt lightheaded in the sense that she was looking at a snowflake and she saw a girl who kind of resembled her, and assuming, well I thought it kind of looked like her, and it was like the younger version of her in a way and she was looking at her. And then she, yeah she was lightheaded and you can tell she's about to pass out and she passed out, I thought she might have been dead but she wasn't. And then she was at the hospital, the grandfather and the son arrived. And then Jonathan ran in the hospital he was looking like he was very very [UNCLEAR] his wife, and then he came to his wife, he held her hand and he really wanted to check on her and make sure she was okay. And she basically said she was fine and she didn't need any help but he took her hand and then moved his hand with like the flashlight, checked her eyes to check her pupils I guess, and then he used his index finger and touched her, for her to touch her nose and then touch his index finger, and then do that back and forth. And then that was it. A little before that scene I remember the grandfather was talking to, I guess it's her best friend or his sister, I don't remember. But he's talking to this other lady that was close to Grace, and she was at a ballet studio, basically asking the father how she is and Grace said that, and the grandfather said that Grace was fine, well she pretends to be fine, and she's her. And then yeah. And then, but after the hospital I remember the best friend, they were on the phone and they were talking and she asked if Grace wanted to come over to not be stressed, to get some stress relief, they could drink and she basically, she thought Grace was under a lot of stress but Grace doesn't want to say that she's under a lot of stress but she's been sitting in there. And then after the hospital scene I remember... I remember them being on live television and Jonathan's stand with the lawyer and the reporter, and Jonathan talks about how he apologizes on live television to his wife and his son for betraying them and hurting them. And then the reporter asks questions basically saying that he's sorry for hurting his wife but he's not, but he's innocent and he didn't kill the victim. And then Jonathan said he didn't kill her, and then, but the reporter said that his DNA is all over the apartment. And then the lawyer stepped in to talk because she saw Jonathan was getting frustrated. And she said that, that the police are also human, they probably made a human mistake trying to prove his innocence, and then Jonathan he was just sitting there a little distraught, a little lost, and then he mentions how, and then the reporter asked him later on if he was a victim, but he said he's not a victim but the world seems to forget that he also loved this woman even though he cheated on his wife, he did love the victim and he didn't murder her. And then he talked, he basically insinuates that somebody was jealous and it could have been someone who murdered, someone he knew murdered the victim and then it went to the wife's family, they were all sitting in the living room watching the news and she looked a little guilty, or a little upset, oh yeah and also in the beginning, the police they knocked on her door, asked, saying that the victim called her several times before she died. And then showed a picture, it said that the victim was a painter and that she basically painted um, she painted Grace and then Grace, and then Grace kind of like closed the door on their face and wasn't saying much about it after they showed her the picture of the painting. And then oh yeah, in the scene, like later on in that scene, Jonathan also kind of said she was a stalker I guess for doing that, said she didn't know she was a stalker when they were walking outside. But going back to being on live television, so the wife showed a little distraught and then it went to the victim's husband and she seemed, I mean he seemed, he was holding the baby, he seemed a little upset because Jonathan was saying he, he was insinuating that he knew the murderer and he seemed upset and then Jonathan said he knows who the killer is. And I believe that's all I remember. I'm done. Yes.