Oh wait, so I can start talking now? Okay, I think the episode begins with the talk between the main female character, and her lawy- and her lawyer about what she did the night before. She explained that, oh, she's just like going for a walk, as she usually did, and the lawyer saying that don't you think it might trigger some suspicions from the police because she's now in ... umm ... the list of the suspects and she replies saying well no because that's what she usually did, and at least she have like maybe some background so they know that's sort of an activity that she usually did so they so they can't remove her out of the suspect list and the lawyer was saying maybe like maybe you think that you're fine but in the future I'm not sure if, I'm not sure if you're still on that list or not. And then afterwards she, the lawyer went to the prison to met Jonathan and I think they had a talk about I'm not sure I don't remember what they had a talk about. . . in the . . .  Let me guess. Maybe they have maybe they were talking about... umm ... ahh... let me see ... I - I can skip that. So I guess skip that part. And wait - and next one, I think that the main female character came to met her, went to met Jonathan's father in law, which turns out to be her dad is Frank. And they like, they change conversation a little bit maybe to check up on his daughter's condition. Oh, and there is a-afterwards there's like a scene where the son of Jonathan and the sons of the victim I believe, Miguel. They both met and the sons of the accused, like saying hi. And tried to shake Miguel’s hand, but he just sit-sit there and there was a bit Of like it was a bit of confusing or embarrassment between the two of I believe the environment is not too comfortable for both of them to like getting along or something. And Miguel just didn’t shake his hand back like, didn’t say hi back to the sons of the accused to to Jonathan’s son. So he just say sorry, and then like and they walk away. Maybe a little while after that I think Frank and the main female character I forgot her name unfortunately and Jonathan sat down and had a talk about any trace at the scene any DNA found and the female character’s saying are you sure there’s, I’m sorry the female character’s saying there's no DNA of you down, there’s no trace and Frank seems to agree to that. And Jonathan's Expressed maybe a sense of satisfaction because he now know himself is not guilty...  I'm not sure if there's like passed 10 minutes yet so I'm still trying to remember... Okay, Okay. Yea I think I’m done.  