All right, so the first, the episode starts with Jonathan’s wife. Ah, She goes, she goes to Jonathan's lawyer. And they, the lawyer asked her where was she during that night of the murder, and then she had photos of her walking alone of the night and it's like really dark at night and then, so in the room of like Jonathan's wife and the lawyer, it's pretty, like dimly lit too and like, she's denying that like um she had like any part, she didn't partake in, like the, like, of what happened. And then um after that, uh you see Jonathan's wife goes home, she's sees her father, she, there's like, one maid asking her if she wanted to do something, and then, um they, they talk. I think her father kind of shows suspicions that like, he thinks Jonathan did it. But it's also he knows that he uh, because everyone knows Jonathan, about Jonathan’s affair, they also don't like about that. And then I think it cuts to the jail scene where you see uh Jonathan talking to ... talking to someone, I think, his lawyer and telling him how he didn't do it. Ah, He made that, like, he seemed pretty, like suspicious. But like, he said, he didn't do it. But like, I don't know with his mannerisms it seemed like he had something to hide. And then the scene after that. I think It's when Jonathan’s wife’s father was talking to Jonathan’s wife, Grace, yea Grace, so Grace and her father were talking about um, I think, bailing him out, and how her uh- Grace’s father still doesn't like Jonathan and like, how he, how he didn't think they were a good match for each other before they married and how like, she told them her definition of being like a perfect husband. And he was just like, following that idea. And then um, Jonathan’s fathe- Grace’s father went to the- went to, went to the jail Jonathan was at talked to him saying how I think it's like "don't hurt Grace" or something like that. And then he bails him out. And then I think that's when Jonathan and Grace, they walked out. And they're like, all the paparazzi are like, taking pictures of them. It's a, it’s a big news case, and they want to know if uh- they want to know like information from him himself. And then he just tells one of these reporters that like he's going to prove himself innocent. Um, alright, so after I think that's the scene with Jonathan's son, where he was like going up the stairs, and then he bumped into, I think that victim’s named Elena, uh Elena's son. And then he said, Sorry, and then Elena’s son didn’t, didn't really say anything back. But he just said sorry. He went to the principal. The principal said, “What did you say to him? What was the conversation?” And then he said, “Hello.” And then right before he said “oh”, before I said, Hello, he he apologized and he said, why do you, why do you, what did you apologize for?” And then he said he apologized because something with like the four C's and like the C that like he said that he did it, for the reason was courtesy, that he was being courteous but like he's probably apologizing because he wanted to like "I'm sorry for your like mother's death." And like, even though he's not involved, his father’s involved. So it's a, it's like an important case. And then, what happens after that . . . uh I think I'm missing a lot of scenes, but the next scene I remember is Grace and her father playing chess and her father saying how- um- wait, actually I think there's another scene before that, I think that was the scene of Grace and Jonathan walking in the park, and saying how they're talking about like their relationship. And how like, ah ... Grace can't believe Johnathan cheated on her but Johnathan’s saying like, he still loves her and then ... We go back to the fucking chess game with Grace and her father. And then she's talking about how she admired her parents’ marriage, even though she didn't know that her father cheated on her mother multiple times, and that's like a revelation to her that she always thought the two parents uh, loved each other. And then even though he said he loved her, he still cheated on her multiple times. And then he realized that it wasn't healthy. So he said he didn't want to live that life anymore. So I'm assuming he uh, he broke up, broke things off with her and then he's talking to Grace about how she thinks, uh Like her idea of a perfect marriage shouldn't be like based on them. And Grace’s father worries that she will take him back just like her mother did with her father. And then she slams the chessboard saying she can't believe how weak he thinks she is. And then ... um ... I think that's the first episode. And then the second episode starts off at night at a park with Grace and Fernando, and Fernando just kind of just like tailing her at a park or like, I think she knows that Fernando is looking at her, but I don’t know they're just like, he's trying to just like, observing her. And then the ... what happens? There's a lot of things that I, I forgot in the second episode. But, I think the next thing I remember is Jonathan visiting Fernando’s apartment with Fernando's son eating like cereal in the kitchen. And then he comes in. He, uh, he kind of like asserts himself in, because like, Fernando was going to try to close the door, and then he put his foot in the door so he like, he can guarantee that he can come in and like, say his piece. At that point, I was like, Jonathan seemed pretty suspicious to me, and, ah, then Fernando was like listening to, oh no Fernando tells his son to go to his room. Jonathan tells Fernando that he wants to make sure that he wanted to make sure the kid knew that he didn't do it, and then he told Fernando that like, oh I wanted to also make sure you knew that I didn't do it, but Fernando doesn't believe that. Um, and then Jonathan, Fernando, made him come to the room with what I'm pretty sure is, ah, Jonathan’s, and Elena's baby. And he says, "Do you want do you want to see the baby?" And he calls her like, "Oh, daddy's here" because like, Fernando's not the baby's dad so ... and then he started telling Jonathan how like, it was pretty hard to love the baby and like, he's still trying, but it's hard to love the baby because it isn't his, but, and then Jonathan tells him "would you like me to keep it" and then it cuts to, to Jonathan talking to his lawyer, and his lawyer’s like "why would you do that? That's a terrible idea you went, you went to like the victim's husband, like, willingly, and that that would like, jeopardize the case." Probably making him sound more suspicious that he did the murder. And then they were talking, and then she said, you uh, set up uh, like a press. Like uh, like I said to you, like on live TV to like, kind of speak uh, on like, speak your truth and like, think like to convince people that you didn't do it. So they go on live TV. The live TV cuts between two scenes of Grace. Oh, wait, no. Okay. So before that Grace gets a phone call. Oh no. Wow, okay I missed a lot. So Grace, actually fainted towards the middle of the episode of the second episode. Where did she faint? She fainted at the park um, yeah, so. So what happens is like, you see the nighttime scene with Fernando and Grace, and then Grace passes out at the park. And like, all these kids are surrounding her. And then she goes to the hospital. And her father and her son’s already there. And then Jonathan, like, kinda like, runs through the hallways to get to her. And he's like, showing how like, he still loves her, like he still cares for her, but Grace's father still looks at him like, like, it's authen- inauthentic. Like, he doesn't believe that he loves her, but um ...  So that happens. So I brought that up because that leads to Grace, getting a phone call from one of her friends saying, "Oh, what happened to the, what happened to you?" And then she said, "Oh, it was from stress. I got discharged." And then that allowed her to, she's like, "oh, you should, you should visit sometime." So like, Grace visits her friend's place. And then that brings us to like, the end of the episode where like, she's at her friend's place, I think with her kid, I'm not too sure. But she, she's at her friend's place. She's watching the news, where Jonathan is telling what he th- like  what happened in like, the murder. And then he's saying to the news reporter like “Oh I didn't do it. I came here to clear the- clear the air.” And then she, he said I didn't do it. And then she's like, "Alright, then do you have an idea that you, of who did?" And then he looks into the camera. And then the camera on the friend’s place the, Grace's friend’s place, it zooms into Grace’s face into like, to make him believe like the audience like, oh, maybe it was her who did it. So like, Jonathan, at the news reporter, at the news, at the news place, he looks into the camera, and he like it looks like he's like looking like at her. And then he's like, "Yeah, I do know who did it and then the episode ends." I'm done. 