 Okay, this is so, I was a little bit worried about their character games, but I was thinking about them in terms of who the actors are. So move to the X3 button, could you read the actors' names or however I was thinking about them in my head. So Hugh Grant is in jail for killing his mistress, presumably, and his wife Nicole Kedman starts out by talking to their lawyer about what he's doing. About whether or not she thinks he's innocent, and it seems like she's pretty convinced that he is. And then the lawyer goes to the prison where Hugh Grant is, he has a black eye, and I guess he fits somebody in the fight. And so the lawyer is talking to him about bail, and he's $2 million is his bail, and she's trying to figure out if he has any family or anybody that he can contact or to try and get the money, and he is apparently a strange from most of his family, and it seems like he doesn't want to talk about why he's a stranger to his family. But Nicole Kedman, her family is really wealthy, her dad is the keeper's son of a world. And so he really doesn't like Hugh Grant, doesn't like that Nicole Kedman is with him, and she, I guess, never asks for help from her dad, but because she's really adamant about getting Hugh Grant out of jail. And she says that she's going to separate him and then he looks separately from him for dad, gifts him the money, and he makes bail and gets out of jail. And then once he gets out of jail, he and Nicole Kedman meet up at a park and they're talking, and he's trying to convince her of his innocence, and he's very much like, I'm not guilty of doing this. And she's kind of unsure, but is more so sure that she doesn't want to be with him anymore, but he seems, but he still wants to be with her. He helps her in their youth crying and simply wants to try and still be married. And then after their part, I don't know if this is before or after, but their son goes to school with Hugh Grant's mistress's son, and he's walking into school and bumps into the mistress's home unclear fence. Her face or if it was an accident, but he bumps into him and is then like, higher, I'm sorry it offers to shake his hand. And the mistress's son just kind of shares a hand and looks pretty off foot. And then the next scene is the son talking to the principal of the school and they're trying to figure out the health and the situation and the son is saying that Hugh is being courteous and apologizing to mistress's son for bumping into him out of courtesy. And then I think next was when Hugh Grant went to with mistress's part vet and tried and talked to mistress's son and the mistress's husband or partner about what situation is. And then there's a baby crying over the baby monitor and mistress's husband is like, do you want to feed your baby? So it turns out that Hugh Grant's baby and the husband is asking, she doesn't seem shocked by the revelation. And then the husband is asking if he's ever met the baby before, if he's ever met the baby before and I guess, the time, the daughter. And then the husband is talking about how it's really difficult to love the baby because he knows that it has to grant and Hugh Grant offers to take out the baby and other baby. And then I think the next scene after that was when Hugh Grant is talking to a boy or a boy or a boy is really angry at him for going to the house with the husband and saying that's his witness tampering and if you get him, you'll be in trouble. And she's saying that the VA might be willing to offer a plea deal if he goes to the manslaughter. And Hugh Grant is like, I'm not going to take him to the house. I'm not going to take him to the house. So he's not how the mistress was really violently murdered. So if he was found guilty of murder in the first joker or something, he'd probably put a gem in his play. He's very adamant about not being guilty or creating a deal. And then the boy is talking about how charming Hugh Grant is and saying that he's got everybody under his charms and they're going to try and find a way to make sure that the jury is like as far as the scene is like. The next scene was when Hugh Grant was playing chess with her father and talking about how her parents were her model for a good marriage and her parents and his two happy together. And then her dad was like, I was actually cheating on her mom and the hotel owner and I was really in a big hole. He took a kick in this fight about how he was always showering him off with jewels and the gifts and obviously lavish things. And then her dad explains that I thought it was recently out of guilt that he was cheating on her and that every time he would cheat on her, he always has a moment where he's like, no, I don't do this. I'm going to be faithful with my wife. I'm going to have to go through the same cycle and that's what he's really upset about. I'm going to be honest with Hugh Grant and he's really nervous that they're going to get back together. Oh, because before this couple of students back, Nicole Kidman is at a park and has a flashback. I can tell if it was a flashback or as a child or if they were just a red headed girl in the park. And Nicole Kidman is in a park and is with the swing with kind of blurry and fuzzy and then she fades and then wakes up in the hospital and her son and her daughter there and then Hugh Grant comes and he's a doctor. So he's asking which question he's asking. A flashlight in her eyes and it really touched her nose and his finger and her nose again and then he's holding her hand while Hugh Grant is holding her hand. Her dad is really angry and so if you think dad believes that they might get back together and going back to the chest again, the whole kid believes dad is talking about how he's really upset that they might be going together. And let's talk about the kids experience with Cheebe and the nose that like Hugh Grant is not a good guy. I'm hopeful that the world is such a sweet summer. And I'm really excited. So that is what I'm going to do in your view. Hugh Grant is the lawyer decided to do an interview on TV because this case is going to be publicized. So it cuts back and forth between Hugh Grant and the lawyer on TV and a good man or a bad and a good sister or a good sister's daughter watching the interview. And this is where the TV interview is just awesome. You know, frankly, what do you think about Hugh Grant? And Hugh Grant talks about how he is not guilty, he's still maintaining his innocence and saying that maybe this happened in a bit of jealousy or a bit of rage. And Jimmer kind of cuts back to Mr. Suspin, like maybe he was trying to frame or like project the search onto somebody else's account pool, like I think it's Mr. Suspin's election. So he's innocent and then talks about how he was actually in love with this mess was. And even though he's accused of being a criminal, he's still in the criminal process, which is very hard. So he's trying and cuts over to the criminal and she's also trying. So, we've got all things at some point in the episode. We see Nicole Kidman and her dad separately talked to when guessing is a broken sister. She's a blind woman, like a daughter, we've done ballet. And she's only asking Nicole Kidman for asking her dad if the woman is okay. And she's like, what would be very strong and very strong and not what if he gets hurt, not talking very adequately about feelings. I also just remember that there is a scene in the middle of the first half of the episode where the police show up at Nicole Kidman's dad's apartment trying to talk to Nicole Kidman. And I'm going to call him, he's about your husband back in your house. And they're asking her if she had any relationship with the victim. And they go, why do we find this? And it's a painting of her and the victim's face. I'm joking.