 From the beginning, the wife was wandering under the streets in a really dark place, like probably at night. And the next thing was that she was subscribing. She was telling the attorney that she was on the streets at the time of the mother and the attorney said that if she said any would you please listen to me like that? Then, um, apparently there was no one, but there were some pictures of the wife on the streets, so she was, she had a lie. Um, in the night, please, who said the attorney came to their presence to talk with Jonathan about the mother. Um, he insists that he is innocent. And the next thing was that the wife came and talked to her father at his house. Um, um, they were like, he said that although she believes her husband is innocent, he was not. He just thinks so. He, like he said the husband is guilty. Um, and then there was, um, at his son's school, he accused some, um, he saw something and then he ran and then he ran into the victim's son. Uh, and he said sorry. He said something. He said sorry. Yeah, I think it's a sorry. And then the next thing was that, um, Jonathan and his wife was, um, he was out on bail and then they were surrounded by the police. Um, on the journalists and the told us being about the cases and the, um, tonight and then they went home. Um, and he won the Jonathan, uh, because it's way too, the victims house and saw the husband and the son. Um, the husband didn't want him to come in, but he then stopped the door by his foot and came in and told the son that he's not, he was sorry about his mother. But he's not the mother. But the father was stopped. Um, the father stopped in and told the son to went to, to go to the room for some, put the hand on the egg. Um, and then Jonathan, um, and then the husband, uh, the husband was upset and so don't know either did they want him to talk much. Um, and they may work out with him about it. And the Dead names of the family drums, and they were going to stay away from his wife. Um, but then the husband asked about what in case they leave from his wife, and then there was a baby crying and baby both came into the room and he got the baby and comforted her. Um, the husband then guessed the baby's children and asked if he wanted to sit her and then took the bottle and gave them to him. Um, the husband kind of looked at it, um, at some point, like looking at the bottle and kind of like wondering, but I don't think it's really funny. But he fitted a little bit in the baby for a while. Um, and then the next thing is that he went to the lawyers, his lawyers office and talked about it. And the lawyer said something that is, he was not supposed to go there and talk is something about the contemporary. Um, but he said he has to do it. Um, because he's not guilty of doing this. And, um, and I think the, um, this is the, for some, drink to them and those talking about, um, probably may make going to the television show and tell people about the, um, like, he is this, um, he's, in the sense of, he's not strongly going to benefit him because, uh, like the jury, like, he could take like the jury, and the jury would have seen it and there's some, it's going to be good for it when they see him like, um, and then they, uh, they went on to the television and, uh, they would be accused of what, and person, and other people. And, um, and she was watching. She's, so she, she saw that he admitted the, the affair and, um, everything about being a faithful while still in love with his wife and, um, but he is in the sense. And, um, I think before that, um, he accused, um, the accused while came to the father, came to the fathers and told, like, playing, they were playing chess and they were talking about, um, how, um, how fathers, how happy we, how happy the marriage was and the fathers said, confess that he is not really a happy marriage in, and he was unfaithful with, um, his wife. There were the whole time over and over again and now, now after every time he, he, he confessed and, baked for forgiveness and stuff like that and give the jury, but, um, his wife, the accused, was mother, like, didn't really wear it. Like, something like that, in case, he thinks she sees it as like, sensual poisex or a battle. Um, um, I think once I went, the next thing is that, the wife, the wife was, um, was working to the father, um, to the father, um, and the victim's husband was following it and the next thing is that she collapsed and went to the house with her. And the, um, and her son and her father was there and the major husband came in and checked on her, like, clearly, and, especially, and that, that can be for she went to her father's house. And the reason for her father, since he, the husband's 15, because he is playful, like, he is just untaplored as a father, something like that. Um, um, yeah, I'm done.