 Okay, so the episode starts out with Grace talking to the clinical psychologist about the case and what happened. The clinical psychologist initially is very suspicious of Grace. She feels as though her body language is speaking to her and even the fact that she was rich, they have contributed to her motives of being the murderer. So throughout the episode, I believe right after that they cut to Jonathan in prison. He's then again talking to the clinical psychologist about the history of doing this other people in the facility. He didn't mention that he had one other woman he'd also done this with in his previous marriages. He also had said that there's no one else than you had done this with. His eye contact was very evasive, very quick. He felt it looked like he was very fidgety when he was talking to her. As soon as I got his college, he needed to. The episode progressed. I'm not mistaken, I believe Grace is talking to her father afterwards. Her father and her are discussing. I think that was the first time in the episode that he had displayed his liking for Jonathan. Afterwards, he goes to visit him in prison after discussing with Grace about whether they should separate him from the family or not. I think they came down to the decision of having him, but letting him not only get bailed out, but having his own apartment with his family. Like Jonathan and Grace's father get in contact with each other. He always, he doesn't like him. He believes that he is the one that he actually did it, but for her daughter, not asking for much. And seeing us how I'm assuming she had such a rough life growing up, he said he had a little fun with me before her. I think that was also the moment when he realized that Jonathan was very similar to Louis was, which is why I think they contributed to the way he was acting when it came to that decision later on in the story. So he does get released from prison and I believe the scene after that is when Jonathan's son runs into the go. And he accidentally says sorry, I'm assuming. He says sorry because in the back of his mind, he had somewhat sort of like a Freudian slip in a sense. To where even if his dad had murdered his mother, he still felt sorry that he was being accused anyway. And so even if there was a chance that he had done so, he wanted to say sorry anyway. And I think that's sort of what the principal is alluding to later on. After that, I believe Jonathan and Grace have a scene where I believe he's John a blood ruptur and sort of getter to understand that he was sorry. And he can do better next time, but Grace, thankfully does not seem to believe in the sentiments. So they have some progresses and I believe the clinical psychologist and she may have had another conversation with one of the two, but I don't really remember very much. I believe that's the scene after that is when Grace's best friend starts to talk to her or her father knows her father. So Grace's best friend and her father meet each other somewhere. He's asking how Grace is doing and then he sort of explains that Grace is grace. She doesn't really show very much and that she'll always be her. Afterwards, I believe is when Grace and her father had that conversation about him not trusting Jonathan, Yada Yada. Afterwards, I believe she goes to the park or at least some burn between then Grace's father and Jonathan's son had that conversation with the violin. I think I believe after that scene is where Grace goes to the park and I think it suggests that she's being followed by Miguel's father and then she also assumes she's being followed as well. So she goes to the park, she feels it's snowing I think and then she has a panic attack and falls. She's in the center of the hospital to where her son and her father are there. Jonathan rushes in, tries to make this little scene about, you know, a tears that I'm sure that little witch will be at with her in the hospital room is something that they've practiced a lot and something that sort of reminds her that he still has affection for her son notices, which I'm sure confuses him a lot. Her father probably doesn't believe it at all. So as the episode progresses, I believe it's after that incident to where he goes to Miguel's father's house. It seems incredibly intrusive so he blocks the door and asks him what to talk. I haven't I'm assuming that the baby that Miguel was that Miguel I'm assuming the baby that Miguel's father was referring to was a baby that she has had with her previously. It's sort of the gist that I got from it, it's sort of like that whole speech where he was talking about. It's incredibly difficult to love that baby so I'm assuming it isn't his. I believe Jonathan was trying to get ahead of this investigation and believe it on Miguel. I think the whole situation with him and the clinical psychologist was if we go out in front of the audience tonight and show the world and let the people decide it sort of gave him a big option to sort of allow the people to believe his either his wife or the husband or the woman that he cheated with that caused the murder because either of those two would have emotive if Jonathan had cheated on Jonathan cheated with that woman. So that's when after Miguel, after Miguel, Miguel's father and Jonathan had that conversation they cut to the scene where Grace and her father are playing chess. She then I think explains that she wanted to marriage just like her father did and her father reveals there that her childhood is pretty much a lie and that a lot of what she was remembering during her childhood wasn't as clear as she made scene. And so that's when she gets all angry, believes that her father is patient and her when he says I hope you don't go back to him and explains that I didn't like Jonathan because I was just liking him. I'm talking about Grace's father at this point and so she gets angry and storms off. I didn't remember something else towards the beginning before Grace's father talks to Jonathan and prison to see before that is where the two police officers come up to her estate and they found a picture or an oil painting of Grace in a Miguel mother's basement. And so that was a point of interest for them towards the end of the story of the political psychologist sort of inset the fact that you know they she believes he did it but they have that conversation of just a bad idea trying to get ahead of the investigation by going to talk to Miguel's father. He then explains that it would be best if they had an interview and so that when he leaves out the open it's up to the public to enter this point and so what he does that sort of hints at the fact that police is hint at he said that he loved the woman that he that the people assume that he killed and so he's also a victim in situation because he causes though he's also lost some incredibly important to him. And so that's when he sort of opens up to the people that invited him to the police and also could have potentially killed the mom and so that's the most I remember chronologically from the story. I think a lot of things that were incredibly important was their son. Their son seems to be incredibly receptive to everything that's going on and so one thing I caught was that maybe he took an interest in by a living for instruments because he wanted to get away from everything that was happening above him. I also noticed that the son was also keeping a very close eye on the situation. Him saying sorry and Miguel was one him watching the livestream of the court case was two him listening in on grace when she was talking to her father was three. I feel as though her son might play a bigger role in this and towards the future of this case. I had to really thought that her father was the one well this is sort of like my timeline in terms of who did it and who did. I didn't I thought it was Jonathan at first because his body language. If it ends up being grace I would have never known I don't think they dropped enough except by the end of the episode of their face. I don't think they dropped enough information about grace for me to suspect that it was her but I suspected that it was her father because of all the people he had already say they didn't like Jonathan. And because he already knows and pretty much review that Jonathan reminds me so much of himself I'm assuming that he had sent someone after Miguel's mother to kill her. And this would sort of make Jonathan look like he had killed her instead and so that would force great grace to break up with him and go find a better man. That's the best that I got from it but I never suspected Miguel's dad to be a part of any of this. I sort of saw him as the biggest victim in this. I never suspected grace but I thought Greece's father was the number one suspect. I noticed that Jonathan was being incredibly suspicious after he had been released from prison after bail. Obviously the sort of kissing up to grace trying to make up what he had done. Not to say that he wasn't as right to do so but I thought he was extending his hand a little bit too far. And I also thought it was incredibly suspicious that he was able to try to kiss up to her up until the last scene of the episode where he had sort of insinuated that he was going to either blame grace or Miguel's father or the death of the woman that he had supposedly killed. And so I thought all that was incredibly weird. Miguel, time to go. Jonathan's father and law, which is Grace's father, I thought was the one who consistently showed throughout the episode that he almost never switched sides. He always had a hatred for Jonathan even though he bailed from prison. He pretty much tells Grace that he thinks he did it. He also thinks that he is a good man for her so he has every right and right. He has every reason and motive to do so. Grace's best friend, I don't think place too big of a roll in this. I think she's pretty much there for someone to lean on and embrace one's tooth and she even does at the end of the episode when she says that she's going to have a little similar party with her next week or the same week either way. I thought her going to the park and I think believe that Snick to that same river was incredibly interesting because it makes me think that that's her place. In fact, she even says at the beginning of the episode that she walks the sort of ground herself. And I think it's very symbolic how she went to go walk and she still felt like she was moving it. And so the one thing that I guess that was probably the only thing I could think of, well even now that I'm thinking about it, that might connect Grace to the murder was how she said at the beginning of the TV show that she grounds herself when she walks. And the two times that we see her walking throughout the show, it doesn't seem to ground her at all. Once she walks with Johniston, she still believes that her, you know, it seems sort of half and half of whether she believes them or not. She says that she's not his wife, but even throughout the episode, the way that she talks to him sort of does yes so. She also walks again and then that's when she has that panic attack so that can either be symbolic for it that she had a hand in it or that, you know, her techniques of ground herself when walking doesn't work anymore. I think the clinical psychologist has something to gain from this. She sees very strict, very straightforward sort of, I mean obviously it's her job to do so. But I think that she has some type of motive to play in this besides her job. She seems to be the one conversation before the interview sort of hit me at that. The way she was looking at him and her tone of voice made it seem like she also had something to gain if he had won this case. So I think that she has something to do with it involuntarily somehow. I don't really know enough information to make a statement about that yet, but I think in some way she performed that she has something to do with it. Miguel, son, doesn't seem to be very important at all to the story and sort of just seems like a figure for the audience to feel bad about because his mother obviously died and he's hearing all these things about, you know, his mother cheating and all. He's an as active as Jonathan son is, which I think is important for some reason. The baby, I don't know what's going to happen with that, doesn't really do much about the show. I think the setting is also incredibly important. The settings that you see most often throughout the show are raised to the apartment, the parks and outside of you that one river that they keep showing and the clinical psychologist office and also I believe that a one street that they showed grace walking on the front, I believe that maybe with a crime scene took place. I don't really know. You've only seen it twice, but both the times that they've shown it were also it felt like it was incredibly important just by the camera angle at the time of day and which they showed it. Most of the time, obviously, I think this is, you know, night and day, a lot more positive things happen throughout the show except for the one walk along the river to where grace didn't believe that Jonathan was being sincere. That was pretty much the only occurrence that happened during the day and I felt it wasn't entirely too positive along with the conversations that were raised. At night time, it also feels like that's when most of the information that progresses the story is being revealed. Obviously, Grace's father saying that he wasn't as faithful. Grace had believed that she was being followed in the middle of the night by the girl's father was also another one that may have fitted the heat of something, but I didn't think that was enough. I also thought that some of the most important scenes in the, or even the most emotional scenes in the episode were between Grace and her father because her father seems like the only person that she can rely on. And so when he drops that cruise ball like he wasn't faithful either, I think Grace's entire world is shook enough. I think even if she was, you know, involved in the murder, I do not think she is, that would pretty much be the end of anything that could ever be anything good that will ever happen to her. Her father pretty much admitted that her view of him is pretty much alive. Grace's son has heard a lot of what's going on with her. The police officers have evidence that, you know, she had an oil painting of her in the basement. Her husband, if he had believed or could believe that she had murdered the woman that he had cheated on, would finally have a reason the public's eye to have like a bailout. I don't think she has any connection with the girl's father. They have really revealed that in the episode. If she were to be accused of the murder, she would pretty much have nothing left. And I think that's possibly her biggest motivation is that she believes that at this point there's really nothing left. And that if she were to shoot at the absolute bottom that maybe this is something that a person could do, I don't really know. I didn't pay too close attention to the music. Maybe it's because the volume of the head mold or not. But I couldn't really tell there were like a soundtrack playing in the background. Maybe that's not to influence the audience to think or feel a certain way. But I couldn't really make out any tracks in the background. I also thought that it was sort of weird in a sense that Miguel's father wasn't involved a little bit more. He was only appeared in a scene or two. And one of them obviously was one grace was, I think she hallucinated him being there. Maybe he couldn't have maybe wasn't. But along the river when she was walking along with you know, when he had to and don't have to visit their house, I thought it was weird that we were focusing so much on one side of the family when Miguel and his father both seemed to also be affected as much. He clearly seemed to be very distraught by it, not as well even more distraught than grace was. So I truly believe that he is he didn't do it and that he really is the true victim in all this. Not only was his wife taken from him, but she also cheated on him and she had a baby with Jonathan, you know, the man that cheated on him with his wife. So I believe he and even beyond this episode, I believe he is, but you can do it. There's just too much stacked against him and I don't think it'd be good writing it all if they did put it that way. Any other characters that I might have missed don't really seem to be that important. We mentioned both of the families, the clinical psychologists in the middle. I can't really think of anyone else besides grace's best friend that might have been included in either of these episodes. I do remember that in the scene where without the sound, they had a couple scenes where grace and Jonathan were together and it sort of gave a little more credence to maybe he didn't do it. I didn't really, didn't do too much for me, honestly, and there was also that party scene as well. So she clearly didn't have a very strong affinity for him and it makes me think that the show was trying its absolutely hardest to make sure that, you know, those all this evidence stacked up against Jonathan to, you know, sort of do this in the end to having this red hair in the graces of the one who actually did it. The only piece of evidence that didn't make sense without the context of previous or future episodes is the fact that I don't, I can't really connect how her grace having a portion of her in the woman that supported Jonathan was the killed basement. I don't really understand how that connects to anything. I know they had mentioned that they were, I think, working partners or something to some kind of business or company, but that doesn't seem to connect to anything that was produced in the episode. So we was just, as I was also a very big reason as to why I forgot it when I was explaining this at the beginning, because it didn't really seem to click with anything else in the episode, so I kind of just forgot it. Maybe there was, she had eyes for grace, I guess, or maybe grace cheated on her also with her at one point. It doesn't really make sense anyway. I try to think of it. So it's just odd. I think... That's odd.