 I think it's a bit more fun for me to go into this, to see an honest son. Oh, my son is not Johnathan so he's a bit of a nice person to say. And Johnathan is a nice son. And of course, sort of the same thing I mean, I think that's all. So the wife is sort of a human being, each other, a little bit through that. And Johnathan is a little bit of a young girl, and she's a bit of a sort of a children. And she is a bit of a white girl, very young, and she is a bit of a sort of a kid. And she is a bit of a young girl, very young, and she's a bit of a little bit of a white girl. So this is a bit of a young girl, very young, and she's a bit of a young girl. And of course, in one of my friends, John, he's a very young, so a bit of a child, a bit of a waiting, or a bit of a teacher, visitors, but the children are so popular in the last year. All situations, it's just like a... Like a plastic table, and a plastic chair, and we're both close together. We're both a little nervous. Like in my mind, I see a person talking in a situation. And then we also see a scene where the boys are full of things, like a little school day. The kid can't really just like running up to class or something. And then he just actually kind of bumped into someone's backpack, which turns out to be a girls backpack. So he says, sorry, and then he says, he puts out a towel and can I go with his shoes? I can't go with anything. I can't go with any comments. In fact, at that point in this, they can go over say anything. And it's like, why I just sit around and say, and I'm just kind of a job and some... I think some of the principals are up there, so they don't want to get in the title all the way. But I can also know what the interaction was. And I was very, very, very, very, very, very, very good detail. I think I'm very, very, very sorry. I can't be curious. I can't hide. I can't go there for fun. That was the end of it. Very, very, very much. I believe that, actually, I believe that the grandfather's house, his father's daughter, and she's house and everything. So, it doesn't want to be there. He wants to come to the hospital. And although it's just my game, I think that because I'm a situation, I'm going to go out and play some stuff. So I have a man. I'm also... I think it started with the scene of the white, and then I'm very sorry talking to his lawyer. I just think it's a fancy-train. It was just a bar, like, she played fancy-train, and it was a bar, very, very, very, very good. So I'm a trouble-winner. I'm not talking about the head of the age. I'm just like, I'm a fashion model. Something, but then, it's interesting to see it. It's a... It's interesting, I have a question. I have a suspect that she would be on her first job. And I think white just like would walk around the city but it's a different person. So you're setting just your own child. So, they should get anxious and get a shower. So, I would go to her and walk around. I'm a bit like, I'm trying to put her normal life into a shower. So, I put her in a sense of a CCTU camera. So, I got a picture of her, like, a 2003-year-old. I wander around her, and I was a bit like, a bit like, a usual, just a bit like, a while ago. And... And... So, we have a team of lawyers. We have a team of people at school. We also see... She has a friend, she's so much of a child. She's a good man. She's a very nice person. A friend has a daughter, a daughter. She's a good singer, a simple, a good singer-like, a good player. I know that daughter is in that way. She's also a good, a good A.C.D.L. And that friend has been very helpful. She supported my sister, her... her sister got her my job. No, I'm really a little bit of a child. I'm feeling from life. And I'm just... Yeah, I'm just doing what's on there. We're beginning up with flaws that was happening. So... Yeah. Uh... Okay. We don't have a lot of things to do walking around. I was just... She painted... And I think I saw her park. And I thought there was a group of kids, like, playing... The best song on my mind. I was the best thing she said. It was actually a bit emotional talk about her. It somehow... I was maybe just, another day, and she said, 존죤acharily like, I'm also okay. Yeah. Headed to life as a freaky time, but it's not emotional. Not gonna take too long to teach her words. And she touched her real legs. But... Yeah. It's actually humanity. It's in the Church of Israel. Her friend calls her here, she says, sorry, her little kids. I can't expect her to come to the entrance on all of us. So, I'm going to use a little bit of sex that she just overwarned, but, her life, and, we also see, she's on the front door. She's on the fence of training. Before that, she, the victims, her son's house, and my dad was on his daughter's lips. It was very awkward, at first, you know, to be a woman, and then, I kind of, just all shocked you. I thought, in the door, there was a situation to get inside. That was very, very intimidating. And definitely, with her saber, and a minimum, you know, the function should be, you know, a paradoxist's, you know, and, you know, the sound, it's like, oh, you're fine. The death sound, we get to the room, so, we don't know, it's just, you know, they have a very gentle conversation, and, we sort of talk about, and, sometimes, you don't listen, I don't think, other guy believes him, maybe he wants to, or to, a clear, a ton, and, a lot of emotions, but, the baby starts trying to walk over to her, and, he says, you know, this is your daughter, and a piece of her, I've never met her before, and, I'm going to take her hat off, so you can go see her face. Um, so, uh, the baby's, probably a few months ago, um, so, things like, her affair, had been going on for a while, and, uh, I hope you all have time to share, very much, her daughter, you know, she's going to want to, so, maybe, um, don't have to also pick her, and, you see, she goes, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, She gave her a chat a shout too. She's okay. We're still interesting. Uh, we really talked about, what I'd do in her head, finding her very hard to be a fan of her, didn't see a lot for her, did you want to be the current, er, or the gentleman offer to take her class, is it if you don't ever find out, what happened to that vaccine? Come-up again, uh, also called Lexi Mjohn also called先親手 For Your Age from the state of Nova Korea, she's got two Schön a- I did she said, oh wow, er, so, the local character in this situation, going on there, er, living in a place she, you know, they sort of have a conversation about taking different videos, you know, the other thing that she's taking, anything, she's just a file, or a person who's, as she is a death- or a innocent, she's not, not quite the sort of, er, so they go, what's the point of talk, where she also, like, you know, not a difficult question, you see, that's right, emotional, but you doesn't cry, um, which I think well, it doesn't go it's an audience, it is highly enough to talk, but you just, er, the face looks tight, but not, except necessarily, um, the word doesn't work because it's a good job of talking to, you saw my love, and it should be, and I kind of saw my marriage as, er, a good, a good, a very well-placed for this interview, and the innocent, it's completely, it says that, each of our minds, try to talk to them a lot, different aspects, and stuff, er, er, he, he helps her, he calls her, er, it's, when, what happened at night? But he saw, he thinks he's going on, he says, why do you think so, has been there, and I've said it for a year, you know, some life, I've met us, er, I think I've met him, er, er, who does the right name, especially, or just feels like someone, and why, he's very clear about, but like, I think he can, in the situation, and what's pronounced, and stuff, he talks a lot about, like, the police work, and like, clearly jump, and like, I don't have a partner, or a day, he'll be in a place, in the N.A. all over it, but the places, he found that, that doesn't necessarily look like a killer, the police obviously want, and he's designed, but like, he's so very considerate, and I like, so much pressure, that it becomes easy for folks, and if you can say, it's very difficult, and it's just super hard, er, er, yeah. er, er, we, er, er, we see, er, it cuts you, like, the, the light, it's on, it's on, on, and some of their friends, just like, at home, he was, er, and they required all forms of gardening and from that, er, sometimes partners, the police, uh, by the white house, and told the term, that, er, along with Victor, they have a partner, and many Barnes on their phone, and they're taking it to the market, but, you know, it's tough, she said she never picked up, because it's on her, the numbers, and that contact is, you know, and then they said that they had a lot of people taking it for this, so, you know, guys, er, artists, er, er, er, and, er, er, it was, you know, obviously, of that, like, it was very clear everything was up, she called me for it, artists, you know, detailed space, so they only read that, and, er, yeah, er, but she said that she didn't know her, and then that, yeah, she didn't know her, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,