 So what I remember, the video starts off with the wife. Outside of a tarot card, I remember the summer of the Spanish. So something about like outside and like the, I guess probably like urban farm in New Brotherhood, it seemed to be very separate. Which isn't the middle of the city. It seemed to be a little land was very close to where the family lived. The family that the husband was in, who's the family? Who loved him? It was a cheerlead. That's a greater phrase. And it looks like she's taking a walk at an odd hour and she's frantic about something. And then we later learned that it's one of her clear headwats, which seems suspicious in my opinion. Which maybe think that she might be guilty in some respect because going on a walk in a city where you're not from, as a white person that's not from the areas that was supposed to gather. It seems suspicious to me, which made me indicate that this person may be guilty or lying about something. I thought it was also interesting that that scene was darker. Maybe the relevance of dark person's life made me later in the test. It means I'm in what I've seen and what I remember. So the fact that that was dark, what she was on screen, and it seemed to be continually be dark. As I noticed myself braiding, first frame of parenting, made some think that there might be a connotation between her being the dark screen character and the guilty character. I don't like that. So chronologically, after that, it cuts to her spinning herself in her lawyer's office, which is when I became skeptical and her explanation. And the lawyer that seems to be representing both her husband and the lady with the right hair and the wife, the sick and crazy. She seems to be more partisan and very serious. Then it cuts to the lawyer visiting a husband, the accused, the imprisoned. He's in prison uniform and he's being interviewed. He seems earnest and he seems like he doesn't want to be in prison, which makes sense. And why I remember they have some kind of conversation, kind of engaged, innocent, and she articulates and I don't play with me. And then I guess there's some conversation between couple of the characters and the cuts to the grand father visiting the husband and jail interviewing him, speaking to him, saying, that I'm not your friend, I'm not on the side, but we're really nowhere. Despite that, the two of us that pay the bail, assuming the court is about daughter, the wife, with the infidel, the love-fake for husband. And the scene changes to the two of them leaving the court room. And the unfaithful husband who just left jail, and assuming they just could be in love in jail, as we learn previously, and it's delineately... That he seems to be very in control and so-and-so of his emotions, which make me think that he's guilty in terms of respect, because leaving prison, especially having been being especially having been about five-hour, the five-hour of the prison, he's a person. A guilty person might be able to be an objective person, but a innocent person might be able to be an objective person, but having a high-end explanation might even be ready to speak with criminals, because there's a skeptical of the hug you're facing. Moving on, honestly, the plot team really slow, which is a personal problem, so they make a little bit difficult for me to follow along. But somewhere in between, there's a conversation between you, as soon as the best friend of the faithful wife, and the... No, but earlier, the faithful wife is out. And facing, we'd just be talking about her emotional state, the wife who was treated on, and the friendship to be consoled in her. But also, I think it's supposed to gather as well, given the study with the friend who's in what's in the phone call. The ballet studio and the camera cuts for the scrutinizing her daughter. It's supposed to get to some question that this friend is in control, or how she would be a type of personality, because of her role in the sharing of her wife, because of her role in being supported, and also directly directing her daughter in such specific ways. In fact, I think it's supposed to be as... I mean, they have the conversation, the wife seems to be consoled, or we'd say, her own resident, her resident. And somewhere along the line, this is where our recollection becomes more shapely, what happened when, or what happened to finalize her order. But somewhere along the line, the wife and the grandfather of the conversation independently, where she talks about her mental state and how the struck series happened having a kind of attack on her own walk, which is on the day. And he explained to her that he was in for though, but he was one faithful to his wife previously. And as the grandfather teaped out more, he felt harder on the husband because it was still hypocrisy in itself, and it's just fighting that in the struggle, projected it off. And the husband, which is like a case of husband in there, in that conversation. I'm not sure, like, they don't seem to write off each other, they seem to be independent of us. But there also is a scene somewhere in there where the boy, the young child, the unfaithful doctor, and the faithful wife, comes into the younger child. The widow of husband, and the woman who was killed, and he's so sorry, initially after walking into him, and tries to shake his hand, the boy doesn't accept his hand, the boy who was cancered, except the other child's hand. For some reason, initial, the daughter, the doctor, for the son of the doctor, gets recommended in the principal office in the proceeding or in the following scene, turns into something, and it's here that he did wrong with the child's entity, aware that there was something wrong with his actions too. So I think it's funny how the child would cancered in having a wife in the episode, even though a lot of it seems to be encouraging on him. Maybe after this, I'm not sure, or this woman, after the scene in the principal office, with the young child, the doctor, the unfaithful husband, goes to visit the widow husband, presumably the husband that he had with him. So, who's with wife, he goes and visits the home, the grieving family, to find assamals that seem to be a specially part, seems to be when they're on the soft side or the more urban part of the town, the more urbanized scene, that the care and the angles seem to get darker and the same setting seems to become much darker. Then, when it comes to the baseline and the child's setting, they snapshot of the entire episode, which is a copy of that notice. Then, Simon, that they've received to have a conversation, and he has been doctor, who seems to give the small boy a checkup and tries to assess his condition as a cancer patient, which seems to be an over-absention, or over-stepping the line, and makes the father, the widow father, visibly uncomfortable, prompting him to tell the doctor to leave. The doctor doesn't listen, which makes me upset and makes me question his actions, because he doesn't respect the wishes of the father, and proceeds to become more comfortable, continue to stay in the house where he's now clearly not welcome. And then, when his young daughter, who was first-most soon, he's met before, and this adds a layer of complexity to it as well, because it adds a layer of complexity to the rage that the widow father might have assumed after having learned that the white sea would be cheating on him, and whose child he had been raising, and more importantly, and then killed by her lover, who would now visit him in prison, just using to jetnake with using to use their health. So the father's full of prison options, and somewhere along the line too, much before this, but after the women, the white is taking a walk, we see a very short screen grab of a dark scene in the park outside at night, where the same husband, the widow husband, is presumably covered in blood and looking shocked and alone, where we see the camera pan to the wife, who looks directly at him and seems to notice his existence, or acknowledge his existence, and move on with us people in many ways. Which makes us think that I think which is supposed to articulate that they know about each other in some respect, and that maybe this is harmless orchestrated, but I also know that this was after the raiding portion, which I noted because it wouldn't influence my position, to say whether the husband, the doctor, has been with guilty or not, because after having seen the widow husband covered in blood, it makes me think that clearly, with the facts of the women in the support, the notion that the widow husband is the killer, this is covered in blood. And somewhere after all that happens, the husband appears, after visiting the house, where he's not welcome enough for the woman to eat, because he would have been murdered to eat the peers on in the next scene with his lawyer, the lawyer calls him crazy, for doing what he just done and reprimanded things. And also says, he thinks your charm is what gets you anywhere, and she takes that idea and runs a bit and sees to orchestrate a interview, which is in next scene, an on TV interview, where the husband is questioned live, and not his notice, which seems very irrational as a lawyer, and seems very insignificant. And on live TV, the husband says that he wasn't loved with the woman that he killed, and his wife is walking at home, clearly distraught by this news, and probably could really be having heard of, some haven't heard it on live television, in real time, in front of his son. And he says, not only did I love her, but I know that I'd loved her because I'm not the one that killed her, and also I'd be delayed since somewhere, and he does know who did it, which tends to seem with the husband, or with the camera planning to the wife's face, she's from shock, and intensely fixed on the screen, and then the camera cuts out, and it shows as I think. That's what I remember.