 Okay, so the episode starts off with the one that walked through the city and walked by the one-point exit hill. So now after that, we're planning to go out to the wiretop, where they're talking about the hangers, the one-point exit, and wiretop in the community hall of the district. This is a new mobile phone. It turns out the hangers were big to me. So yeah, I think I know. I think I know. I'm already dead, so I'm not. So, outside. So, and then for there, we've finished to get to the right-hand corner of the house, and I've got to come back out and talk to the boss. And it was normal. So now we're going to get to the right-hand corner of the house. And then for the time being, we're going to get to the right-hand corner of the house. So, I'm going to get to the right-hand corner. And then for the time being, where other than the wiretop is, and especially if you don't know the name, and you don't know the name from far out, this white, green, green, yellow, and this is the name that you can turn your house, but it'll be a good time. And then you have to park around the stand, and it's free for a bit. And it is free for a lot of people. And so, I'm glad that this doesn't fall. And I'm going to get a little bit of a gap. So, I'm going to use one to cover it. You can share it, you can do it, and then it'll be able to fall. And the bottom is, I am going to make a gap. And then you have to adjust the angle, and then you have to drill the bottom of the handle. And then you have to drill the handle. And then you have to walk around this corner and go on. And so, you have to work it while you're at the end of the place where you're going to get a little bit more angle. And then you have to go on. And then you have to get a little more angle. And then you have to cover it with a side area. And once it's too big, and then you have to go on and on. And then you have to go on. And then you have to get a little bit of angle. And then you have to drill the low angle of your handle and in the center of the handle. And then you have to use this kind of wall and a variety of angles to be able to love. And then you have to check how much feel it adds to yourselves. You can 확BoS, you've heard a lot of things, but if you're not familiar with some Blossom, you're not a bit forwarded. And then you have to use this kind of tool. And then you have to do that. And then you have to have a little bit of a great amount of skill to hold on to. And then you have to do that. And then you're going to slide it in the middle of the middle of the wall. And then you have to do that. And then you have to do that. And then you have to do that. And then you have to do that. And then the second half of the year is you have to start with a regular part. And then you have to make the same level of work. And then rewrite it. And then the other flし go to slide it in the middle of the bottom back corner. Then want to click and then want that handgun from the other side. And because that fantastic workers are quite ambitious now-bo of those. And up again a challenge, I got a applause for that finale. So I think the next card will be a final screen file.ricaTit called it Click in to five. flavorsено Kong airport? Or that will come all the time? Is there a Welcomeills? Yep. Longer video Me too. Yeah. Okay we are here now. Okay. We have got us fine And is a kind of fine and I may talk to us for a minute. You need a good for our sun and the sun and the sun and the and the sun and the sun and the sun and the sun sun and the sun and the and the sun Brook Com Conse Lifeland productions and you know you know you no are younger sisters siblings always being一樣 and then I'm going to do a little bit of the E.C.L. and I'm going to do a lot of... X X X X and then I'm going to go over there once again and I'm going to go over there once again and I'm also in the pot of corporate play and I'm also on the stress and you know, you have a point on the panel of the play and then I'm going to do the E.C.L. and then I'm going to do the E.C.L. and then I'm going to set up where we are going to go on TV and then I'm going to go on the Apple TV and then I'm going to go on the Apple TV and then I'm going to cut out the top down and work well down and now I'm going to say what I want to do and I'm just going to say I'm going to get clients like that for a long time and then anyone who has a lot of money wants to, so I'm going to go on TV and stuff, you know, while I'm going to be like I'm going to be a friend and stuff, you know, I'm going to be a friend for you and I'm going to be home and stuff, yeah, like that and I'm going to be like, oh, so like if you had to move ahead and let's go on the problem and it's crazy that I think something like that might have happened to me and I'm going to be like, oh, yeah, okay and then we'll see a path that's already just a bit of that and then I'm going to say something like that and I'm going to say something like that yeah, alright, I think I'm done