 Okay, so it starts with the wife of the accused kind of like walking through the streets at night. It was in like regular camera footage and CCTV footage. And then the lawyer asking or like kind of talking to her about it, like why was she there? Kind of accusing her. And then the lawyer says that even if she didn't do it, she may have some involvement or she's with holding information and she calls her entitled, yeah, I think then we see a accused in prison. Also, like then talking to the lawyer too. And she doesn't really seem to believe anything he's saying, but she's like defending him. He maintains the use innocent. He got the fight with someone. Well, it was attacked or something and he bit someone. And she asks him who else, like has he been cheating with? And he says, if there's been one other person that he cheated with, like one night's stamp when the accused just shrugged or something, it does the lost of patient. I think there's something with the patient. And she passes this make sure that this is the only person who can be only person to believe them, but they can take care of him. Also asks if the case she's really called to the bail. He says he doesn't, she has a P.S.A. family that does. He says, no, he's a stranger to his family and she's like your sister to everyone. So he doesn't have anyone. And then I guess, as well as we see her, the wife of the accused dad who is very wealthy and the wife asks him for money to bail him out. And basically agrees, because I think that you should, but kind of says okay, I think. And then I think maybe he, it's then the father goes to the jail to see the accused and tells him that he still thinks he's guilty. But his daughter asked for to do it, so he was going to do it. And so he bails about, but that if he doesn't even think to her, and his daughter or his grandson, I don't know if you'll tell him. And then I think maybe we see the accused son, like accidentally bumped into the victim son at school. The victim son seems scared. The accused son tries to actually get sad and say sorry. And the victim son says nothing. And the accused son is in the principal's office, someone's office, seeing him like what happened. And the son says that, like they say, is for counts, says that. He said he was sorry, but just because he bumped into him. And then I think we see the wife of the accused talking to her dad about how the school wants them to homeschool her son. I think I don't want them to be the kind of logical reporter completely after this. But at some point he like now, the accused is out of jail. He's walking with his wife in the park and they're talking about, and I think they're walking. Oh, no, no, no, no. I'll go back. I remember, okay, before, like after the conversations between the wife and the son are the wife and her dad, the police come and are asking the wife about these calls that came from the victim's phone to the wife and she says that she's never had any contact with her. And they're like, yeah, it says that you didn't pick up and she's like, I don't pick up unknown numbers. And she's like, sorry. I don't know, they don't believe her, but she does, she's kind of being hostile. And then she, they asked her, like, she's never, oh, if they do, if she knew that the victim was an artist, she says she only knew from the news. And they're like, you didn't post for her. And she's like, what? And they show this incredibly detailed portrait that they found of the wife in the victim's basement or something. And she has no idea how it got there. I thought that she's there. And then that we go to the park, they use this walking with his wife and she brings up the painting. And he's like, yeah, she was obsessed with you. He doesn't really seem not worried about it. She seems worried about it. And then I don't know what else they talk about, but she gets upset. Says like she will never be a husband to her. And he may or may not be innocent. And then he like hugs her and she tells her to stop and he keeps hugging her and she keeps telling her to stop. And what happens after that? I don't know. We have some random scenes of the sun playing like the violin and the grandfather walking in and talking about the violin. And not the sun just wants to be different. That's why you pick the violin when everybody else takes drugs and stuff. And then maybe that's when we see... I feel like I'm doubly missing a bunch or maybe I'll remember, but we see the... The cues go to the victims house where her husband and their son and baby live. And he like barges in, like us to come in and put this shoe in the door. And then the ghost, she and her son, and tells him that he's innocent and the sun is crying. And he's just being really intense. And the husband tells him to get out. He doesn't get out. And then the baby starts crying. And then the cues keep saying that they need to know he's innocent. So they go to the baby's cry that has been going to get her the cues that's after. And reveals that the baby is actually a victim and a kid's son or daughter. And then he says, if he wants to hold her, they choose to hold her. He says, yeah, and he's had her before. And the husband says that she's so beautiful, but it's been hard to love her. Give him everything. And then we see the cues go to her. And he's out his doors office later and she's like, why would you go? Now you're like, wait, or tampering with witnesses. This is like against your veil. Why did you think that this would help anything? And she's like, oh, you honestly thought that. But you can convince them because you've gotten away all your like the charm. And then we kind of went over to the old man moment where like, they're super close and he's looking at our lips and then he asks if he passed the test. She says, barely or something. But then they say that like the lawyer says that they're going to use his charm to win over the jury and that they're going to make a public statement on my national TV. And so then they go to national TV. Okay, wait, before this. I don't know when it happens. I guess after the violent thing before going to the victim's house. I don't know. But the wife of the accused was like walking in a park kind of like close, maybe a little bit seeing this like white, fluffy thing rise from her hand, like vision going in and out and she passes out. She's like, wait, something in the hospital. She's okay. She had a panic attack. I think that the husband comes, he's like playing doctor and she's telling him to stop and he's like checking her reactions. And they are all holding hands. Happy day. And then again, okay, I'm kind of like I'm messing up this kind of order. But at some point around this time, also the wife of the accused and her daughter playing chess together talking about the whole situation. She said something about wanting to be happy like her parents and her dad's. Her mom is never happy and that he had been unfaithful to her level marriage. And she said that that could be possible. She always saw him buy her gifts and like shower in her with love and stuff. He says, yeah, that that was true, but he was always unfaithful to her and he would be unfaithful if he could get her gifts. And she would never wear them and they would never have the reason. He's so wary. Or yeah, I guess he was so wary of the accused like her husband has that he reminds him a lot of him. Yeah, also earlier kind of a lot earlier that I don't remember when it happened. We see like a short news clip where the anchors are accusing like the pack that he got out on bail is because he's white and privileged. And if even the victim's husband was accused or a black man accused, you would not be able to get out. So it's like racist bias. And then okay, flash forward, what I was talking about before, they go on national television. It's just the accused, the lawyer and an interviewer asking like if he's innocent or whatever. He says he's innocent and says that she's like, oh, she, the interviewer asked him like why did he run away after finding her body? Like, since it's a story, he says that he was in shock. And that it's like a real medical shock. And she says it has been put on that away. He's like, he ran away. And that he didn't feel innocent because he had been unfaithful to his wife. And then he owned, she's talking about how his DNA is all over the crime scene. And then he starts, I don't know, she said she says that he's acting like he's the victim. He says he's not the victim. But also he would lost the woman he loved. And he kind of starts fake crime. And we like, we see his wife's face and she looks shocked that she's saying that he loves this woman when he's been saved. And he's a little devoted to her. And yeah, and then, like, please try. Yeah, oh, and then the interview says like, you know, we think it is to do this. And he's like, yes, and he kind of implies that it was the victim's husband. His story he's showing is that he's not guilty of murder, but he may have induced jealousy. Like maybe the husband walked in on them having sex and then, like, legend or something. And he says, she was killed. And we see the victim's husband kind of like watching the program and watching them. Yeah, and I think that's mainly a animal by anything else. The only thing is when the wife and her daughter talk, he says that he's afraid that she's going to, like, just stay with her husband. We accuse and she's like, how long do you think they have? And like, push us the chest for them. And I think that's all. Okay, I'm done. All right, great. You got one more thing for one. Okay, cool.