 To start off, we have Nicole Kim is character Jonathan White. She's blocking Dan Hane's street from a side block. Then she has to go to a meeting with Jonathan's lawyer. And my lawyer asks her whether or not she's withholding information. The lawyer thinks she's withholding information and not telling Nicole truth by withholding him. Scarf Der knows more than what she's willing to tell and the lawyer is going to go frustrated. Then what happens next is I remember seeing the kids at school and Jonathan's kid was interviewed and said sorry for the beginning and the other day to the principal's office and the principal wants to kick Jonathan out of school with a duration of the trial. Jonathan goes over to her husband's apartment and tries to smooth them over, try to apologize, explain himself and his husband is not receptive to that at all. He is very confused right here but he's very confused. So he's going to go back to the room. There's a baby which it sounds like it's Jonathan and a little less baby. And a little less husband asked Jonathan and Jonathan what does it mean? He also says how he's seen the baby before. There's another scene with Nicole in person. She also still seems to keep not telling Nicole truth. He denies having a relationship with anyone outside of his wife in a lane of once and then we talked about how there was one sad, he was sad one time and hooked up with someone and another part that I remember is that the father and law comes to see Jonathan as well in the jail when he fails now and says something to be a fact. I don't want to do this but I will do this because I mean I think you're guilty but I'm still going to pay it off because that's expressed my daughter but I want you to know I think you did it. Next part that I remember is the lawyer who's been screaming Jonathan out for even attempting to witness camera and the lawyer Jonathan get close and he can sense some magnetism between them like something might happen between them. It's just that's the point where Jonathan's charisma, the character is really highlighted and then the lawyer does after that is suggested to go on national television. On national television is the reporter, the interviewer, Jonathan and his lawyer. Jonathan starts crying as if he's the victim even though he says I'm not trying to be the victim but I do feel like I lost something too. So he's trying to explain himself and explain why he's innocent. At the same time the lawyer is doubting the ability of the police. She says I don't question the police but sometimes they make human errors, planting a seed of gout for the potential jury poll should mention those words specifically. He starts crying, seeming really emotional, really appealing to whoever might be viewing and while he's doing this interview his wife and his son are watching. So they're watching their dad or the son is watching his dad talk about what he did and how he cheated on his wife or his son's mother and he starts caring up a little bit and I'm done. I think so. Yeah, I'm done. Thank you.