 Um, the episode started out with the Red Head, wife, Grace, and the lawyer talking. Um, I don't know what they talked about, I'm trying to think. But that didn't make me feel like he was any lost in that scene. And then it just hurt her bad. And then I think it shows the kid at school and then comes into... Oh, we are in the beginning. So yeah, so the Red Head, Grace, is the lawyer and the lawyer said, oh, you went for a walk, was it you? And I was like, um, it was her. And then... She described that the police actually had photos of the children coming back. She saw something and so she definitely didn't do the murder. But they were trying to use it to get her to admit something. And I think at that point, or maybe later, she said that the DNA was all over the scene. And you can video shoot the defense lawyer. And there's also the kid, the son at school, with Elena, the murder woman son. And he bumps into him and he says he's so sorry and he goes to shake his hand. And it's really crazy saying I'm so sorry for your mom or I'm so sorry because if I'm doing to you, then he is called into the office. And everyone's sort of looking at him because they're confused. And like they might want to help you be homeschooled for a while. And there's a point where the lawyer is with a man who is being accused of murder at the prison. And you find out he's been punched, but I guess he bit somebody. And then she's like, who else have you had enough air with? I mean, it's admitted he's a one. But it was like a one-time thing apparently. And then... She's saying who should get bail because if he's in jail, he's going to want guilty her. And then he says he's estranged from his family, which is a little shady, but his family could suck. So he don't ever really find out why. And then he goes to her dad. And her dad is like, this guy sucks, but I'll do it. And then the dad meets with a guy in prison. And he's like, hey, I don't even kill her. But I only can't say no to my daughter so I'm gonna help you get out. And then he gets out. And there's a blonde woman who I think I forgot. She's just scared, and she's her own daughter, who's like the niece. Oh, I think it was episode two. She's trying to reconnect with his wife. And she's sort of like, don't get out of part. And she's like, touch me. I'm never gonna be into like that again. She was definitely involved with him, but she was in good health again. I think she maybe believes he's innocent. And then at some point, the man goes, who's keep the murder, goes to the alien husband's house with the kid. And he's like, examining the kid and he's trying to tell the kid that he didn't do the murder. And then he's daughter is there. And so the dad, the alien husband, what's in the girl and the... He offers to take care of the cleanest take care of her. She's never seen one there. We don't know whether or not the wife knows about the baby. This is not a shop for the wife, so she maybe did something a little bad. But yeah, the little teacher murder. The teacher is a little bit of a rambstuff. And then, um... The lawyer says she should go on TV. The lawyer tries to fix the victim. So he knows whether or not he's gonna cheat all the time. And then she's here. And then, um... The man had passes out. And then they're all in the hospital. And he's like holding her hand. He's like... He's being romantic and the son's looking at him. Like, he doesn't close his dad. And he's scared. And then the father and the... He's looking at the guy at the case of murder of the husband. Like, ooh, I don't know what's going on there. And then... He goes on TV and he admits that he loves the woman. And he seems to phrase it as the... In a fit of jealousy, someone kills... Elena. And he's trying to pinpoint it on the husband, the... Uh, Elena's husband. But I feel like it might have been the wife. Um... Or him. Yeah, I feel like that's what I remember. I feel like that's the main thing I remember. But I keep going if you wanted me to. Okay.