 Okay, so the show or the episode started with Grace, which is the wife of the accused. She was walking across the street. It was a very dark street and was actually on the street of where the woman that was killed lives with her husband and their son. So they show her walking across the street and then it turns out those are images of her crossing the street. It pans into the scene of her talking to their attorney. The wife, Grace, I think was wearing an orange coat. She had voluminous, like fake curls and like a very like pinkish red lipstick on. And then the attorney was an African American woman and she had like a buzz cut and she looked very like serious like someone that you couldn't mess with. She showed her those images of her crossing the street and she was like, you know, you cross the street at this, or you were there basically at the same time that this lady, I believe her name is Elizabeth, was murdered. And Grace responded that saying that she was just taking a walk. That's how she deals with shit. And that was kind of the end of that. And then during that conversation, Grace does mention that she, you know, doesn't think her husband is a murderer, even though, you know, he's a bad person. He cheated on her, but he doesn't think he's a murderer. And the attorney specifically talks about how they're rich white people and will kind of do anything to cover shit up so that they still look good in society. The next scene was the husband and self and jail. They show the bars and they kind of open the door and he has a little bruise, I believe under his right eye and he's wearing like a grayish. It's not like a jumpsuit. It looks more like scrubs, I believe. But he comes out and he sits down to talk to the same attorney and they're having a conversation about it. And like again, she's not taking any shit and she's very firm. He tells her he's innocent. He didn't do it. Also, I believe this was actually the first thing she said. She asked her right away where she got the bruise from and then he said one of his friends like hurt him or whatever. And then she goes, so you bit the person right or whatever and he's like, yeah, I did. And then I think she tells him that he can't do that. But yeah, so he talks about how he's innocent and how he doesn't hurt her. And then next scene, we see the school in which the sons and both of the individuals go to, so like Jonathan's son, yeah, so Jonathan's son and Henry. And then Delaney, I think it was a bit son Miguel. So we see Henry run through the gate and he like bumps into Miguel. So I kind of awkward and he immediately goes, sorry, Miguel's just staring at him like expression. They're both in there like naming loose school uniforms. And then John Henry says, like, hi, and my blinking extends his hand out and Miguel just doesn't react. So then Henry keeps going. So I turn him to his guy. He goes into the principal's office. And the principal is like talking to him about the situation and he asks specifically, like, what did you say to Miguel or whatever and he says, I said hi. And then he goes, you said hi and then he goes, I said, sorry first. And then the principal was like, why do you say sorry? And he goes, I bumped into him. And then he goes, I followed one of the five keys and he says like the five keys and the last one is courtesy. So it was being courtesy, like he was being, it was following that C by apologizing to Miguel for bumping into him and so it just seemed like he's apologizing for more than that. We also see the Jonathan's father and also Grace's father who practically disfies this Jonathan at this point. Jonathan and the father and Grace are sitting down and Grace basically asks her father to help her out and pay her Jonathan's bill. Jonathan's bill was at $2 million. So she asks for help. So then the father and mom goes and visits Jonathan now in jail. And he sits down and he goes like, basically tells him he doesn't like him, he doesn't support him. But he's just like for the first time and my daughter's like, she's asking for help and I can't say no. So he basically is telling him he's going to pay for the bill. But then he tells him like if he tries to flee, if he does anything else that would hurt his daughter, he will like personally kill her. So that scene ends over there and then later Jonathan goes to visit Jonathan. Jonathan goes to visit Elizabeth's husband or Nando, I believe. And he goes in there and like Fernando is pretty aggressive and he's just like, you need to pee and like bump one and then like Jonathan kind of ignores him and goes to N'Gelle and goes, I don't tell you about that. I'm sorry for your loss but I didn't do it. And he's like, he needs to know that and like you need to know that too and Fernando's like you need to leave. And then Jonathan still isn't leaving. And then the baby girl starts crying. So Fernando goes and picks her off and goes, this is your daughter. And then he's like, do you want to feed her? So Jonathan, so yes. So he's feeding this baby girl and he's looking at her very loving. She was I think wrapped in like a pink swaddle like a type of thing and takes her little hat off too. And he's like, let's see you or whatever. And Fernando goes, you know, she's yours and Jonathan's like, I do. And then he says like, you've seen her before and he goes, yeah, I have. And then Fernando confesses that like it's been hard to love her. I'm assuming that's because you know it's not his own. It's been really hard to love her. And then Jonathan offers, he's like, I can take her. So then that scene ends over there. Also I believe that Fernando and Elizabeth lived between like a long time ago. Or like they lived between like two well-lived like stores. Like one of them might be a convenient store. But yeah, so they live on that street. And then in the next scene, he is talking to the attorney again and goes back to the attorney. She was wearing a very like light blue button down just like tucked into her like dark and he is fancy. And he tells her what she did and she starts yelling at him. She's like, that's like trying to tamper with evidence, like how could you do that? And he was like, well, I didn't try to manipulate him at all. I just like went and visited. And then she was just like, you were just hoping that he would change his mind and stuff. And like he kind of agrees to that. And then the attorney kind of makes an advance at Jonathan. And he is kind of just like nice try whatever. And then her assistant comes in and she brings in a try with like two coffee. Like I think there were glass pots. And like a kettle basically. And he says thank you to her. Also the attorney says that they should go on the news. And they should like, you know, present like him in the right light. And also at one point she does suggest taking the plea. And he's just like, I'm not taking the plea. Like not guilty. He's very adamant about it. And she's like, it's better like that the other option basically. And he's like, no, I'm not taking it like this. It's me right now. I'm not taking it because I'm not guilty. So then the next scene I believe is a race playing trust with her dad. And her dad actually confesses to not being faithful to their path basically. Because Grace is just like, you know, I just wanted a family. I just wanted a life like you and mom had. And he's just like, no, you don't. Like I wasn't faithful to your mom. And she's like, what do you mean? Like you were such a good husband. Like you loved her. You worshipped her. You bought her presents flowers. You were devoted to her and stuff. And like he starts crying a little. He's like, no, like I was, I wasn't honorable. Like I wasn't loyal to her. And then he's like, I don't want your life to turn out like mine. type of thing. Like I don't want you to just forgive him. type of thing. And then she just, she gets like kind of mad and she's just like, how we do think I am. And we see that on the side, Henry is actually listening to this. I think like through stairs, because there was like bars basically in front of this space. And then the next scene is the Teenage Show interview. So Jonathan and the attorney goes, by the way, that's seen when they were talking. She does say like, you know, with her by your side, like we'll get the statement basically. So then they go on the show. And they're basically the host. It's like asking questions. And she's just like, did you kill her basically? And Jonathan's like, you know, I didn't. And he kind of starts insinuating that for me. No, because he kind of just starts saying like, but maybe someone was jealous. Are they like, you know, wanted? Well, we have type of thing. And so he started insinuating that. And we actually see Fernando just like watching the TV. It's like dark in his room. He's holding onto the baby girl. We just see him kind of look shocked. And then we also see his wife Grace watching the show with, with her son. And her dad and I believe it was like two other girls. I think I'm assuming they're her friends. Speaking of friends, I believe it's seen or two before this. She's walking the park. Grace is walking the park and there's like a bunch of kids and she's like reaching out. I think it looked like all of it was snowing her head. And then she kind of fainted and just like falls down. It's two little girls are like looking over her. And then the next thing they're in the hospital, she's in the hospital. And her dad is there. Her son had raised that. And then we see Jonathan run in and he looks so tense on her wrist. He's just like, what's going on? And something, she was just like the doctor's thinking. It was just like a panic attack. I kind of just blocked out. And then he insists that he kind of does his own checkup on her. So he takes out his little flashlight. He makes her open her eyes. So look at the light and then like follow his finger. And then he says like touch my finger. Touch your nose. Touch my finger. Touch your nose. And he goes, okay, I think you're good. Also a couple scenes from before this. Sorry, I'm all over the place. There are a couple scenes before this too. We see them walking. And they're kind of just like talking about this. Like you could see that he definitely felt remorse. And he like hugged her. He's like crying basically. And like talks about what they have. By the way, going back to the show. He kind of is like accusing Fernando. And like, but he doesn't say his name specifically. And then I think he says that like he didn't kill her. And then he starts like crying like very intensely. And he's just like, you know, I love someone I love. Like they say like being accused didn't make like the grief any easier basically. And you could see grace watching this on TV and just getting like mad and then like kind of like tearing up and stuff. You could see that Henry is kind of uncomfortable. And then like the friends are there to speak of the friends. One of them did like call her and was like, oh, like what happened? And she says, I'm set up kind of attack in the front and goes. Oh really? Like what's going on in your life? Like kind of sarcastically and she's like, a lot and then she was like, sometimes this week, like come over, we can have like a boozy sleep over. And a grace says like, I like that. But back to the talk show. So he's just like, he really loved her. He lost someone. He loved and stuff. And then basically he's just like, I do feel guilty. No, I feel like I was the cause of her death. And then it ends with him saying, I bet that doesn't mean I did it. Like I could have been the cause and the sensitivity of like the relationship could have been the cause. But he's kind of just like, I could have been the cause. And then the host was like, you know, who did it? And then he was like, I do. And that's where the show ends. I'm done.