 And I remember the episode started with Jonathan Crowe's flight. She was speaking to her mom about the possibility of standing trial for her husband's acquisition. The murder of his mistress had a long conversation in the office. There were some bad bookcases. She looked up at the window, looked at him out and placed the office a lot. The next part of the episode that I remember was Jonathan Crowe's son Henry. Henry, running through the story yard, running into the murder with Doug's son. Henry stopped to apologize. Henry tried to shake the hand of the son and Miguel. Miguel didn't say but looked at him confused, a little startled. And then the son of Jonathan Crowe here, Henry just walked away. The next scene was fairly dark. It looked like the pencil for the kid's school. Henry was sitting at chair on the left side speaking to the pencil. He said he wasn't in trouble. Just wanted to understand what happened. Henry said that he apologized. The pencil looked shocked. But he apologized. I asked him what it was for. Henry explained his incident prior to him. He mentioned that he went into Miguel. There was a couple scenes where the white was with a father who seemed very wealthy. The house was pretty large, spacious, looked as if it was old money type. The father was well-staffed in everything. There were a couple conversations where the wife and the father of the wife would talk about the husband. The father didn't like the husband very much. And he was the slightest. Then the father goes to visit Jonathan's brother in jail where he's being held. The room was fairly lit. There were tables that were sitting in chairs across from each other. The child's play area. The next scene where I remember was Jonathan Frazier and his wife walking out of the jail with a ton of reporters swapping the court yard trying to give him a statement. The wife looked distraught as if she was about to cry. The lawyer was also there for the first scene of the play. Jonathan stops. The play makes a statement about how she's looking to press some privacy at this moment, talking about his family, and the wife again looks very distraught and shocked. The next scene where I remember was the wife and her father was sat across each other from the table. The father was discussing how he didn't like Jonathan very much because he reminded him of him. The wife was very confused, so that he loved her mom very much, showing her with gifts and attention. The wife was very confused, so that's why the father disclosed that he was having a affair and looked with her. The wife would later learn about her mother, and she never knew that she was a jewelry. The wife got very frantic after the father had mentioned something about going back to Jonathan Frazier, after this I guess we're not referring to the murder trial in every way. The wife was very confused, so that's why the father was talking about her mother and her mother. The wife was very confused, so that's why the father was talking about her mother and her mother. The wife was very confused, so that's why the father was talking about her mother and her mother. The wife was wondering through the court, she was being followed by the husband of the murder victim, quite creepily, in the dark, but looked like once in her she was wearing a lock coat. She stopped a couple times trying to determine if someone was following her, the scene that caught her in the daylight in the park where we dazed and confused. She was catching snowflakes in her hands, again in a state of shock or confusion or like almost as if she wasn't there. She passed out in the park and some children were like bent over her, looking at her. The scene then cuts to her in the hospital to which Henry and then her father are there. Her father looks concerned, however he's got a very hard expression since it's more like she comes up disdained like he hates her or something. The other son is just worried for his mother. The woman in the hospital, Johnneck and Frazier, comes running through the hospital hallway and bursts into the room. The other son asks how his wife is doing, the father who looks as if he could be murdered Johnneck and then cuts to sign her to Henry. He gives him a welcome but no embrace, no hug, no nothing. He then tries to examine his wife and it gets to him when he asks her, asking when she can leave. The next scene then cuts to her on the phone with her friend. Her friends look like she was in a ballet studio picking up her daughter, talking about having a one night sleepover to which the whole community scared her to dismiss the whole situation. The next scene that I remember is Johnneck and Frazier not going on the door of his mistress's apartment, I think. It was a fairly colorful, somewhat dark apartment. Definitely loved glass comports or the previous houses that we've seen in the clip. He is led in by the mistress's husband who does not look happy to see him. He comes in and the gal the son is sitting at the kitchen table. Johnneck goes to try and say hi. He's kind of examined him, kind of just say hi. Johnneck goes on to say how he didn't murder his mom. The kid is visibly crying and the husband goes, mentions that you can't say things to him and he goes to push him down into the room. They have a fairly heated conversation. The husband looked as if he could kill somebody. He looked as if he was going to get violent. He didn't get physical. He just kind of went on to play some case conversation. Then a baby wanted her to go off and the husband leaves the room and goes into the room that he pushed. The gal went into the room and the baby ran to the house and he mentions that he has to feed her. He then answered to Johnneck and Frazier who reveals that his daughter and the husband asks if he's a matter, if he's a shelter. Johnneck then replies yes to both. He looks fairly comfortable with the daughter but just a little uncomfortable and then he asks if he wants to take him off the husband's hand because as the merchant said it's hard to love her. Just because it is hard that everything. Then it cuts back to the lawyer's office from the first part of the episode where it's Johnneck been talking to the lawyer. The lawyer calls him crazy, he keeps his witness tampering and that's when they decide to go on to be interviewed. They go back and forth a little bit since coffee is brought in by an assistant and a grain mat mug that I really like. They go back and forth a little bit. He's very confused about Jerry's selection and stuff. He reiterates a couple times that he's not guilty. I'm missing cuts out. The next thing that I remember is that I'm sitting in a newsroom type playing next to a broadcaster in another web drive. They just go right into the questions to which the reporter asks Johnneck then like oh this is really weird and the lawyer mentions that it's a very public case and there's definitely just this is his way of getting his side out a little bit. Johnneck then goes to mention certain things that has in fidelity is cheating on his wife a couple times actually that was the main point of the interview for a while. The reporter asks another question which led to the lawyer and Johnneck then overlapping his conversation the lawyer just mentioned overflused during the best they can sometimes evidence isn't always collected efficiently and fairly reminded me of the OJs in the trial. I don't know much about it. I just want to watch other documentaries. I'm just thinking about that a little bit. The reporter made a comment about something and Jonathan just gets really, really emotional. It felt very real but it could be a facade. I'm not 100% sure if he's guilty or not but he looks very emotional, brings up the idea that he lost somebody that he loves to which they cut to look in the cloak and they're watching the interview with her son and her friend and her father in this big watchroom. She looks visibly distraught at the fact that he could possibly be in love with this woman. The news reporter then asks if he has any idea who the killer could be and Jonathan just looks straight into the camera and goes, yes I do. And then he shows how out that is everything that I remember. Done.