 Okay, a bit of background. The story is about this guy, Jonathan, who is accused of murder. He's some kind of doctor. His wife is fairly well off from money that, I guess her parents had. Jonathan has her husband. The accused of murdering his lover, who is not his wife. And so we start the scene at the lawyer's office, who's defending Jonathan, but it's the lawyer and his wife. The lawyer and the wife are talking, and she's saying that, the lawyer's a woman's own, they're both she. The lawyer's saying that the wife is maybe, like they think, the cops think that she may have done it, because they found that she, on the night of the woman's murder, she watched, she was kind of going out on a walk in the city and came really close to the victim's house at about the same time. But then the lawyer decides that, okay, it's not as big of a problem. After that, we see the lawyer talking to Jonathan in jail, and she says, oh, where did you get that black eye from? And he's like, a bunch of people beat me up in jail. And she's like, any bit somebody, and he's like, yeah, I've been somebody and she says, okay, you don't want to bite anybody. And she asks if they can get out. His bail is sent at something like $2 million, or it might be pounds, it sounds like it has ticked place in Britain, but I'm not sure some of the characters have a British accent. So it's sent out $2 million, and he's like, well, my family is poor, like my mom and dad are poor, so they're not going to give me any money, and they don't really like me anyway from going to college. So they're not going to give me any money. But his wife is rich, but he was cheating on his wife, so I don't think he thinks that she's going to give him the money. I have her. His wife's rich because her parents are rich, and she'd have to go to her dad. Then we kind of flip to, I guess, his wife is talking to her dad, and she does ask him for the money to get Jonathan out of jail. So Jonathan's father-in-law goes to see Jonathan in jail, and Jonathan says, look, I think you're guilty. And Jonathan's going to try to defend himself. He's like, I don't like you anyway. I think you're guilty. Why don't you just look, I'm going to get you out because my daughter, your wife, asks for so little, that she's asking for this right now, so I'm going to give it to her. And so you're going to get out of jail. I'm going to pay your $2 million bail ridiculous. I mean, it's ridiculous. Anyway, then we kind of zoom in at Jonathan's child, Jonathan and his wife's child at school, and he goes to some kind of prep school. It looks like with the victim's child, and he bumps into him accidentally as he's going to class. And he says, hi, and he tries to give his hand out, and then he says, I'm sorry for bumping in to you. And then he gets called to the principal's office who's asking about the interaction, because, you know, because I guess it was awkward and something you sawed, and they must have thought he was harassing him. And so he's 1000, like, I just kind of bumped into you. I bumped into the kid, and I said, I was sorry, because I bumped into a most beaten courty as one of the five C's, charity, something, something, something I'm courtesy. As we go, I was saying it out of curse. And I think that's the end of the first half. And then we go the second half, and Jonathan's talking to his wife in public on a walk, and he's like trying to convince her, like, I think that, you know, to be his loving wife again, but she's like, no, I'm just here to like do this and like pretend to be not to pretend to be your wife, but to act as your wife. Because I don't know that she feels some sense of duty, I guess. To him, she's not really sure whether he did it or not, but he tries to hug her and hold her close, and she's like, no, stop, and she's crying, and she doesn't like it. And what happens? It looks like he's stalking her, maybe. But I couldn't tell exactly how she feels about it. Fontaine, her predominantly speaking, and I think that she knows that she's too much of a... She's like a little girl. But so if I were to come to a gallbladder, I could be stalking her, maybe. But I couldn't tell exactly... And then Jonathan's wife is walking through a park and sees a bunch of people. And she sees a bunch of kids and kind of like everything goes tunnel vision for her. And she blacks to the... passes out and she goes to the hospital and then she gets up with her father and her son there. And they're concerned about her and then Jonathan walks in and he's asking, are you okay? Because he... I think he used to be a doctor. He takes out like a pen light and like passes her to look at both eyes and she's like, no, I don't like this stuff, but she kind of eventually just like whatever, you know. And I think the light and pretend to be her doctor who loves me. So, you know, so she kind of goes along with it and she points to her nose and then it's finger and nose, finger and nose. It's like, okay, I think you're okay that the doctor's did a good enough job which is like whatever. I've been a done that. What? No. Maybe this is where he could actually get called into the office. Not sure. The sequence of events is now like larry for me. Goodness. Okay, so... That's from point in time. Jonathan's wife is talking to her father and she's like, oh, this is, you know, my aunt or something. And she's like, I always just wanted like a good family like you, as she says, talking to her dad, had with my mom. And her dad says, look, I mean, you did not have a good name. I cheated on your mom all the time. And she's like, what? No. Possible. And she's like, yeah, this is probably why you're here. You were there just so fucked up. Sorry, that was the first time I first. This is why you're here. You were there just so messed up as because I was cheating on your mom all the time. She's like, no, you shout. You loved mom. You shaw her with gifts all the time. He's like, yeah, I brought those gifts back after each time I cheated on your mom because I felt so guilty about it and I wanted to make things better. And I was going to try. And I bet she created those gifts because they basically represent it cheating on her. And so she has a real hard time handling that. She's kind of not a good father obviously now from cheating on her mom all the time. And then, Jonathan goes to see victims' husband. The victim's key knocks on their door and the victim's husband opens the door. And he says, can I come in and talk? He slams the door in his face. But Jonathan sticks his foot in the door and keeps him from doing things like these. And he's like, please, and the bunch is fine. And that's a big thing. Jonathan, first thing he does is he goes over the key. He goes over the victim's child who's sitting there and eating or something. And he tells them, I did not do this to your mom. You've got to believe it. And the victim's husband is obviously upset. He's like, don't talk to my kid. I think you could have beaten this. Don't try to convince my kid. That's not right. And then he tells this kid to go to his room. And then Jonathan starts talking to the victim's husband. And they hear a baby's cry from the other room. And the victim's husband says, oh, it's time for her to be fed. And he goes and he picks up the baby, he's a little girl, and they talk about how cute she is. And then all of a sudden they're like, buy them. They don't say this way, but it's like, by the way, it's your kid Jonathan from having they affair with my wife. And he asks her, Jonathan, if you'd like to hold her. And it's like, yeah, the human being's here. And he asks Jonathan, oh, is this the first time you've seen her? And he says, no, I haven't seen her before. I've helped her before. And then the husband talks to Jonathan. He's like, look, I really wish I could love this baby the way that I want to. But I haven't had an hard time because she's the representation of my wife, my wife's a fairie. And Jonathan says, well, I can take the baby from you if you want it. And then they don't show what else happens. Like, they don't see the answer after that. But he says yes or no. But then you see Jonathan in the office with the lawyer. And the lawyer is talking to Jonathan. And she's like, what in God's name do you think you were doing going to see the husband of the victim? That's witness tampering. And you're not going to convince him. And she's like, of course, you think you can convince him because you're someone. And so, you always get your way. And she kind of tries to seduce him, I think. And he's kind of, he just like doesn't say anything. But in like an awkward enough way, he was like, did I pass your test? And she's like, yeah, that one. Because I don't know, that was enough. Yeah, those are not interaction. But like I guess she's like trying to make sure that he's not trying to just be able to rise her every which way. Oh, at the very beginning when he sees the lawyer in jail, she asks him how many other affairs were there. And he's like, just, there was one other affair. And she's like, okay, so what about the other affairs? He's like, no, no, just the one. And so maybe she was trying to test like whiskey really. Like true or false about this, how much of a womanizer is he? She wants to know everything before they get to trial. She doesn't want it to seem extra bad. And then they decide, okay, we're going to go, we're going to go on a national television. Because we're going to go on, you know, everybody knows about this anyway. And so the jury pool is kind of tainted a little bit. They densed us because everybody thinks like you're just like some rich snob who obviously killed like in your womanizer because you're having an affair. And obviously you're the bad guy who killed this woman. And so you've got to be the person who killed her. And so if you go on TV and the interview who starts with him and the lawyer and interview her on national television. And she's like, okay, so why do you agree? Like what do you want people to see? Yes, I just want them to see the truth. And ask him like, okay, what happened? Everybody's watching. Jonathan's family is watching. The victim's family is watching. Everybody's watching. I'm going to like break this back up soon. There were some other parts in between where the wife's friend called her and talked to her asking like, oh, how much support do you need? You know, and I mean, she talks to the wife's father and says like, how is she actually doing? I don't know. She wants to know how and she calls them trying to be like good support when she's in the hospital. She's like, of course, like you went over from stress would be stressful in your life sarcastically. So that like, therefore like obviously all this stuff going on is what's making you stressed with the doctors. So the stress is probably what caused your panic attack slash being like passing out. Okay, so going all the way back to now like at the end, on national television, he's Jonathan's talking to the interviewer and he gets really upset. He's like, everyone, oh, she's saying like, oh, you're acting like you're the victim here because the cops are playing music. He's like, no, no, I promised this on myself. It was bad. I think everyone forgets. And then she gets really upset. She's like, what is everyone then we were so white as everyone forget. And Jonathan like, composes himself and then he says, everyone forgets that I lost somebody that I like. Like, referring to the victim, the person he was having a bear with. And his wife sees this and she's like, oh my god, he's kidding me. Well, it's not in that like she's obviously like really upset. It's not like a sarcastic. Oh my god, it's like a sorry. This is weird. I don't usually curse this much. Anyway, and so at some point, they're like, oh, and when he goes back to see, when Jonathan was going back and seeing the victim's husband, he's like, I would stay away from my wife. I don't remember the wife actually seeing the, the, the, the, the, the husband, the victim's husband on her like morning walk. But obviously she must have been then told Jonathan at some point. It seemed like that happened off screen. I don't know. And yeah, and so he's like, oh, do you have an idea of who it might be? And he's like, yeah. And like, that's the dramatic end. But it's obviously, I think I'm blind that he thinks that her husband did it out of like jealousy with him. Let's see, is there anything I forgot to mention? When Jonathan sees the husband and their apartment, like it's not as fancy of an apartment, because they're not as well off. But their son still goes to the fancy school. The son's wearing headphones. I feel like there's something important I messed, the mess that he's been like the, the stay away from my wife sort of thing. And he's like, the way you see the way from my wife. And I think that's it. I'm done.