 Okay, so I can start talking to him. Okay, I think the episode begins with the top between my female character and her lawyer. I don't know what I'm about, or she did. I just went for a walk, which I usually did. The lawyer said that she might trigger some suspicions from the police because she's now in the list of suspects. She replies that she's not what she usually did. She made me some background. So they know that's an activity that she usually did. So they can remove her out of the suspect list. The lawyer said that maybe you think that you're fine. But in the future, I'm not sure if you're still on the list or not. And then afterwards, the lawyer went to the prison to met Jonathan. I think they had a talk about, I'm not sure, I don't remember what they had a talk about. I don't know, I don't know. I don't know what they had a talk about. I just forgot, so I just skipped that part. And next song, I think, that the main theme of character, went to met Jonathan's father-in-law, which turns out to be her dad, his friend. And we like, they changed conversation a little bit. Maybe to check out on his daughter's condition. And afterwards, there's a scene where the son of Jonathan and the son of the victim, and the son of the accused, like, saying hi and tried to set Miguel's hand, and then there was a bit of, like, a bit of confusing or embarrassment between them two. I believe the environment is not too comfortable for both of them to, like, getting along or something. And the judge just didn't shake his hand back. Well, it didn't say hi back to the son's being accused to Jonathan and his son. So, you just say sorry, and then, when, and then walk away. And maybe a little while after that, I think, friend and the main theme of character, I think, unfortunately, and Jonathan sat down and had a talk about any trace at the scene, any DNA found. And the female character saying, are you sure there's, oh, wait, the female character saying, there's no DNA, if you found there's no trace, and friend seems to agree to that. And Jonathan's expressed maybe a sense of satisfaction because he don't know himself is not guilty. If there's, like, his ten minutes yet, so I'm still trying to remember. Let me say. Okay. Okay, I think I'm done.