 Okay, so the scene opens up with Jonathan's wife and she's walking through the park. And then the scene cuts to Jonathan's lawyer in which she shows Jonathan's wife pictures of her walkering working on the street. Jonathan's wife initially said that she would walk the streets at night to clear her. And the lawyer was kind of the accusatory and the sister-son for activity including that she may have said something to do with the woman's murder. Although the wife claimed that she didn't have any involvement, the lawyer wasn't truly, truly impressed with her answer. The scene was so she was still pretty suspicious. And then I will leave. It cuts to a conversation that Jonathan's wife had with her father at his home and to take this guy's Jonathan's case and his level of innocence as well as his loyalty to his wife. It's clear at this point that there is some contention in the marriage between Jonathan and his wife and if I'm clear as to why there's contention. And it's obvious that Jonathan's wife's father, or Jonathan's father in law, was unimpressed with Jonathan's behavior. It seemed that the episode cuts to, I believe Jonathan in prison, and two prison guards take him through that prison to a common area where the prisoners can speak to. Both ones are from whoever comes to visit them. And Jonathan's father in law had come to visit to threaten him basically and say that he was not worthy of his daughter and knew for sure that he did it. And he was just not going to be on Jonathan's side. And he leaves. Jonathan is sent back to himself. And then I believe the episode cuts to Jonathan and his wife's son at school. And he accidentally runs into Miguel Alves, who is the son of the murdered woman. The exchange was brief. Just a sorry, I've written it to you and oh crap, this is who you are. I'm sorry, walks away. The next thing cuts to Jonathan's wife. Jonathan's son, he is in the principal's office. And he's being told that he's going to be removed from school until the conflict has been resolved as in Jonathan's case. And done. I'm sorry. Yes, I'm a safe. Okay, sorry. Sorry, I'm kind of like, it's out of the singular. I'm just going to be sure. Well, that's all right. No worries. It's a little loud in here. Okay. Okay, thank you.