 I think it starts off with the white. I think it is grayish. It shows how you walk around at night in this neighborhood. A lot of city-rich and festive New York. That had cut to the Williams office and the white was there. And the Williams asked her why she goes off at night. And the wife says that because I hope she clear her head, she points out that she is suspicious. She says they never walk in the neighborhood, walk with her house, whatever. The word tries to get the word to tell her because she is hiding. The wife seems defensive, like there are more areas for things that she is hiding, which is not more than to tell. I believe the white people heard that they have a conversation about what the husband and the jail are. And he tells her that he never liked her. I think it comes to Jonathan and Jail. I think it comes to their kid. He is right through the outside of the hospital. And wants him to work with the homeless kid. And I guess he may be recognized that kid. As the homeless kid, the problem is that this is the kid of the woman right now. I think it comes to her because the next action point to stop him to have, double the hint to him. That seems to seem equally different. And it cuts to Jonathan's kid in the principal office. And he wants to understand why he said I'm sorry, why I didn't have an interaction. I think it comes to Jonathan getting free from the prison. I think it comes to his mind. I think it comes to his mind. And before that Jonathan, I think Jonathan and his wife are taking a walk. And he started meeting all the kids in the park. And he was like, I don't know why I didn't take the killer. And he kind of forces her to walk with her. She doesn't want me to get upset. I think it's a good thing that she's been doing this. I think it's a good thing that she's been doing this. Later, I think the wife is meeting her. She's talking to her father a lot. She's just wondering what she's like. She saw her parents. And the father of her support is saying that they're not perfect. And that she's always treated on her mom the whole relationship we use. The wife doesn't believe it. And that makes some point. That's how it is. And that's always on pay for. And always thought that you better have a good day. And that's what you should never like Jonathan. That's a sign that you should be doing. That is, Jonathan goes to the victim's house to talk to other husbands. And it's an amazing husband who's stopped me watching this wife. And he's never going to talk to a husband about that woman. The third house says hi to the victim's son. And tries to check up on her until he's doing something. It's the same thing. The husband is blocking the house. The husband's blocking the house. That's like I fucked this guy trying to get him to cut out, but I'm just trying to get him to just move forward and get out. I guess if it gets there, it can just go to the group. He tells us to get to another group and put them on a good conversation until the baby cries. And the dad goes to the puppy baby, junk and follows him. That's the other house junk for the whole baby, which he does. The other victim's husband says that the part of what this kid does is because he thinks that he really is junk. And they just say that because he doesn't have his boyfriend, he doesn't have his daughter. That's the junk and office thing. The other cuts to the lawyer's office. The lawyer's like why the hell did she go to the victim's house? Why did that conversation? She makes a point and say like, you think you're so charming. But we have this. She kind of realized, oh wait, he is charming. Or he can't get rid of this. And we should all have that as a threat. So the big plan of question is an interview, which they do. And during this interview, Jonathan is there all along with this young and colllier. And Jonathan, again, just for this part of the perfect person. But it's a good person. Eventually, he gets to eat claims, this is the same thing at times, actually, the interviewer gets the point where Jonathan is forced to say that he works. He loves the victim. And that kind of needs a specific to himself. And it's very easy for him to be a fool. This is how an parent that is assessing what that's the same thing. He also comes with life. And that whole thing, he's a wife and her father. That's all wrong. He's just so over a husband and a woman. Just a minute, that's probably one's the same. Then Jonathan kind of hints at she knows who the victim might be. He claims that the mother killed the woman just jealous. So it's kind of going towards either his wife or her mother. I think I'm done. I'll find out what was that. Okay, good. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.