 Alright, well, at the top of the episode, we find Jonathan Crazier's wife in conversation with Jonathan Crazier's attorney. The reviewing of his wife's habit of walking around at night in activity, which seems to make her suspicious. However, since she has continued walking at night the date of the murder of the woman who Jonathan was having an affair with, the attorney tells Jonathan's wife that she has been some semi-efficient of suspicion, my police, and then photographs are shared of her walking that match the scenes of her walking that we've seen. The conversation between them, however, is strained. The attorney is very, very serious in that discussion. The fright of Jonathan's wife. There's a scene of Jonathan's child running through his schoolgrounds on his way into school. Before he bounds up and set his stairs, he accidentally brushes up against the son of the woman who is murdered. They both go to the safe school. And Jonathan's child does not realize them at first. And when he says, sorry, it turns around and sees the son of the victim. It's very awkward. The air is strained. The hand is reached out through a handshake, but the victim's son does not take it. And that means Jonathan's son, nothing else do continue running. At a later scene, we see him sat down with some proctor of the school who was questioning him about what the words were spoken between that Jonathan's son released the story accurately and justifies that all he said was hello because it appears to be five C's that are presumably part of the code of conduct of that school. To see particularly courtesy. This explanation seems not disenfaced, however, because our protagonist and his family are holding because according to her, that is what rich people do when they are threatened. And after that, we see her walking again at night. Jonathan's wife has a conversation with her father, otherwise known as Jonathan's father and law. Jonathan's wife expresses that what she needs right now is the compassion and understanding of her father and it's clear that she wants her father to do something that may be not the form of mediation between her and her husband. And he lets see Jonathan walking through the halls of some building where he is in custody. He sends down to me with his father and mom, since the record straight from the beginning, he believes that Jonathan is guilty and he does not want to have a positive relationship with Jonathan, however, he is forced to Jonathan's fail in order to deliver him to his wife and child or his daughter and his grandson in order to make their lives better and easier. Jonathan expresses his thank, but it's clear that these two do not seem I to I. And Jonathan's wife and his father and mom have another conversation where his father and law stresses that he will not be making moves to resolve the conflict or the tension between her and Jonathan when he is just doing what he did for the reasons that he was before. We have a scene of Jonathan meeting with his attorney. Jonathan's son plays the violin at a time when his father laws home because Jonathan's wife is told him that she would like to take her son and continue with him or Jonathan is in the park in the verves and Jonathan's father lawed by himself in the room and son, the boy, says that he prefers violin to the instruments that is fierce like such as drops or bass or guitar simply because it's different. We went to a scene where Jonathan's wife is walking once again at night. She finds, of course, as she said from the beginning of the episode that it's an activity that surrounds her. It's unclear whether that's explicitly 100% the truth or whether it is in the alibi. However, she's walking again and you see a shot of the victim's husband stalking her. Jonathan's wife walks fine to herself in a park or other public setting or her other children looking on at her. Her vision begins to blur until she fades and is put in a hospital bed. She signs this as simply being an exciting or a panic attack with a true nature of a mental event that is unclear. We see her father at the sun walking briskly to her hospital room and shortly after Jonathan and herself arrives in Greece and white. The kid warmly finds time to still remains with her. His father loves her. She asks when the doctor's assistant wants and then him being a doctor himself to form some routine assessments of his own. The son of which seemed just to be mentally establishing contact between him and his wife. They have arms and hands which seem to sunlight the sun and make his father-in-law skeptical. It's clear that he's skeptical of Jonathan. It is seen that I cut our call and there was before or after the one I just described earlier before. Jonathan and his wife are walking outside on the public way where we see other pedestrians and cyclists going by. Jonathan is holding her hand and says we're going to get through this together. It is white and clarifies that they are not giving it together at all. She is barely going to play the role of his wife. So play a role and play it out. Jonathan and his wife are trying to get back what he had and he tells her they had something along those lines and they have a sort of path in place. That reminds me of when Jonathan was initially released from the prison and he had his wife to be walked through the crowd. She was in fact playing that role that side of the role not coming to herself. Jonathan gave a statement to the press about how he's looking forward to declaring his name in court. Jonathan's father-in-law consults his daughter. I'm telling her that he was seriously unfaithful to his own life. That would be Jonathan's mother-in-law. And that one reason why he is wearing Jonathan is that he sees much of himself in Jonathan. We are witness to a scene where Jonathan arrives and is the victim's husband's apartment where there is the victim's husband and there's some together. There is the patient of Jonathan and that is how Jonathan was usually first at the victim. He convinces them to let him into the apartment that immediately goes to the table where the child is set and stresses to him directly that he is not responsible for what happened to the boy's mother. And does this despite the protests from the boy's father there? And that the father rushes the boy to men out of the room and returns. Jonathan, although he says it's not on the desperately pleased or the spand to understand that he did not commit them to crime. He is repuffed but the two of them are interrupted by a baby monitor. The survey on that the baby in the spand's care is actually the child of Jonathan and the victim. The attention is unclear but the victim's husband has Jonathan and he likes to feed his daughter which he does. Jonathan has asked if he is held her before. Jonathan says no. And then you see Jonathan in discussion with the attorney where he is admitting what just happened. And the attorney tells him that he could be found guilty of witness camp right there. Jonathan says I have to do what I have to tell him that I'm not guilty. The attorney also clarifies that with his attorney's not fucking guilty. It's very fierce. The two of them have a moment of tension as well. And it's unclear the nature of their relationship lies perceived to him. The attorney counsels him that in order to get them head injury rule which may already be witnessing this very public pre trial proceeding that she would like him to go onto the news. Especially since he is not going to be taking any sort of plea deal this adamant that he is not guilty. So we see the two of them speaking with the news I heard while his wife and child look on as well as accompanied by some of his wife's friends. She's a book at a phone about an assured that she was thinking to stay in hell. And if they look on and say so, it's her name. Doing most of the professional speaking. Jonathan tells the anchor the same thing that he told the victims husband which is that the trial does not assuage the very real grief or hate. He says that he wants to someone who he loves and he comes emotional. The episode ends with him confirming that he does have an idea of who they have killed the victim. So that is about the summation of what I can recall from the episode. So I'm done.