 I remember the beginning of the episode, it was really dark and it showed the accused person's wife walking through the street and shifting to... I'm not too sure, cracking, but I... I'm rude to the accused person prison too and the wife's dad came to visit him and seemed really intent that he was guilty, but... to share. I'm sure... Oh, the cops coming to visit the wife and they seemed to get the shoes guilty. The shoes acting suspicious, I'm not. I don't know, people seem like they have an exon hair. Like, being in contact with the murder victim. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm a little kid running the shoes, but I'm running to the victim's son, son, son, son, son. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. But, and I also remember, she's wife's walk through the ward and he's dark and it... The victim's husband was following her and then it switched to daytime all of a sudden and she was like... it seemed like out of it and then she would pass out and all these kids like Circlehade, Shobin Hospital... and then husband was there and he could check the one with the guy in the sun, and then she'd look at her like... I looked at the flashlight and the eyes... and after that... I remember... she was really... she was really... visiting the victim's husband and the kid and he was really dark and like technically telling him that like in the room and it's telling him it was innocent and then he got on the way and saw his actual kid I guess with the victim and he... he'd talk a little bit and after that he would make this see his defending and it was like a whole acting thing where he's like... trying to like... be as emotionally appealing as possible and then after that... and he had like the news and the interview until he was innocent and he kept switching to his wife and the victim's husband and they both read dark rooms, look at their house, was watching and they seemed really... I don't know, they seemed really awful, I feel like guilty and then I also explained like the way it looked but... I was like... oh I remember earlier episode the... Q's wife was talking to her friend I'm a balcony, I've got a house in daytime and then she was like... oh that was like up at the hospital scene yeah she was like really stressed out because I'm lazy and... I remember these days I was seeing the house so there was like night time in the sun and I was like... I was like... oh I see the scene, the traits in the husband as him and there's a key to my favorite one and... oh... oh... I remember... oh... I remember... oh and little kids all over there were talking to the other one at home and... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh this kid when he went after he ran into the other kid he was sent to the principal's office I'm gonna be able to do it once but I just didn't hear it now I thought who it was but you saved all the stuff and it was gonna last up and... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh this is the part where it's like daytime it's bright out and then... it's like a park or something so I was like this is the kids and his wife were talking together and then I remember they were talking about... but seeing God seemed really tuned to the interaction and then... and like the husband thought her for a hug but she rejected it because it was weird and then she's acting to do and then... oh... let's see what else... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh I just remember some reason the wife's father was in stake in the one scene I kind of really had this out of that I could start it with that scene of her hand even had pieces of stake and then she was like a big a table or something and a restaurant and then... oh... she was saying that something was weird at the end or no she's strong she's strong even stronger than he thinks so I got... oh... oh... it was also... oh... oh... oh... oh... I remember the defendant I guess the woman saying that oh... first time in the American I remember what happened but I'm in the conversation she's like oh yeah... I shoot the earth, do you have any belt tubes or anything like that? I can't tell if you had a jail or something, a bail or a bit of a conversation about the sex act and then... oh... oh... oh... oh... see what else... oh... oh... oh... what else... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh... during the music video... first I was curious as to acting... it was really weird talking to me after... the second time... I don't know, he's like plus hand on the tab and it seemed really weird like he's gonna try to get himself in the car or something and... oh... soon... that's...