 So the scene opened up with Grace, she was like a cute, top-of-the-ear lawyer, but why she was one in New York City, basically with her block of the murder of her husband's parent partner. She just finds that she takes these blocks to clear her head, that's for her like a little routine, and the lawyers kind of put really in her and being a little aggressive, and Grace is not enjoying the fact that she's being aggressive, but eventually she's been able to get along and clear the actions that they are not starting with her being one of her suspects, and they're so just considering her husband as the murder suspect. After Grace leaves the lawyers office, she appears and seen her father being super glee, she is not wondering whether something that I know is going to see, and she talks to her father and asks that she gets a support from him in this matter in terms of her husband and his wife, and she says that she's not going to be a good husband in jail. I'm actually forgetting exactly what she comes back, so I remember the son that's going to say sorry that we called to the headmaster's office, explained what happened, with the encounter between him, and let us use the son. Grace also meets with the mysterious man, and asks for his projection of opinion on her husband's case, in which he says he doesn't know what the husband did. The lawyer also meets with the husband in jail, kind of prison, and says, you know, did you do it? What else do you have to tell you that I need to know about the case? He admits to having another fair partner besides Elena. That one was, I feel like, brief, an issue's headwork. It's also said that his bail set at $2 million, so that he needs $2 million to be released, which is where Grace comes in and asks her father for the $2 million in bail to assist his case for her husband. While she promises not to be with them, that she will stay within her father's house for the sake of the appointment that they share in the father's case, says yes to her husband. The next scene is a shot that they released coming out of the court of USA. He went back to his meeting with the lawyer while he was in jail. He took it into a fight in the court yard where he would just use his game gun on and admit she was fighting other than AIDS. Going back to him, he's in the jail, he stops him on the floor, so he's probably not guilty of any proving his innocence. Later that night, Grace's and her fathers, the police comes to talk to her, they tell her they build her about Elena, whether she's in Elena, they say that Elena had tried to call her cell phone multiple times until the day of the murder. The main counter-coating of Grace in Elena's basement, a sheets of the court, is from a very detailed, complete house, Grace. The next scene cuts to Grace's job and talking about the cleaning, walking through the court. You know, asking why Elena had had a painting, this whale painting, a Grace, a charming thing that Russia's everything off and says to those that were walking through and it's generally trying to convince her that he still wants her, then she's the very adamant that she will never repent in it, or he's definitely making his best feckers huge in her mind at the moment. They have a charge hug, Grace and Grace are something that I thought you'd have lots of ways to help you out. I'm trying to think of what's next. The next scene that I think you've been working through the court, the first is played in the night, you see her kind of like getting up her shoulder and we're getting blows of Elena's punishment in the background and then suddenly at the same time, she's standing in front of a bunch of children and she's having this important vision and like, which one of her noises and she quacks, she's in a way something in the hospital with her son and her father visiting. She says she's okay and trying to stress a news giant and partying very, very similarly. She asks her out, she is, she said the same thing, she's stressing to do this, check her out as a doctor and you know, this is a very funny person showing her hands while her father was on, but just pretty late in the summer, quite, you know, unsure and as well, what is going on between his parents. Next, she's on the phone with, actually don't know who this woman is, I feel like we weren't really sure. She's a long care, she's got her daughter's ballet or something in the talking about, you know, that together, having drinks, the last one or the one versus her insurance, her everything is fine, she's fine. The next scene is Jonathan going to, like, his husband's apartment to convince him that Jonathan did not kill her because he was just white. Jonathan, a polynesian to Miguel as his cancer doctor so he affects on him so he'll healthy and let's just start filling your palm with the sorry. The only is husband ever getting saved, so he's gonna go away to his room and then he'll be in talking where Jonathan says I didn't do it, I didn't do it. When the most you cry, I mean, baby's income, so the husband, the only is husband goes and checks on the baby, she's crying and Jonathan follows him and it's revealed that it's actually Jonathan's son, her daughter. So, the only is husband says to him, the holder, Jonathan does, he's her and they talk, they say, the only thing that's gonna ask is he's a herculture or a mechner and he has in the past, which is quite suspicious as clearly no one knows that this is Jonathan's son that you had with the woman. I think the next he was in talking with the boy or haily again talking about how he's going to protect his face, how he should take the plea deal of voluntary murder and he, oh they were arguing about the fact that he thought to only discuss the house that was violation of his bail, he should take the plea deal of the case as the case, and that he will not because he isn't innocent. And they had a weird moment where a lawyer talks about how he first met a kid and was strategy, and they would use him, and then people would use his first met a kid, and they decide that he will go on television and tell the public about his side of the story to convince them, and again the jury's heads before the trial starts. I don't think this is the next scene, but there are on television, the lawyer and Jonathan and the interviewer talking about the case, he kind of gets rid of a little bit by the interviewer, she asks you know, you do it, he's like no, of course, some innocent, she says the interviewer is like, please have this evidence, I think you've done it. Of course, but if someone else is the killer or someone else, you know who it is, they have to forget totally all of the dialogue, but if you're acting like you're a victim of this case, he says, block act of camp, you know, I've lost some of the dialogue as well, he kind of, in this interview, doesn't apply, that the husband is doing what he wants to do. He'll go into the scene and he'll kill the Lena, and all this time the husband is watching, the Lena is watching, only his literal bait me and raised her son, her father, and the one woman who's watching as well on either edge, the person is realizing her well, her husband is lying, I think, on live television, he's been saying that he loves the Lena, and all of that. There was a scene in between Jonathan, who were talking in the television, raised in, played chess with her father, where he had been to being a faithful to her mom, and the animal conversation where the father seems to be salty for her, each voice in bed, which is what happens in families. So they have like a slimmer unit where racing says that she will not be able to get by Jonathan, and it's revealed that her son is standing in the doorway of his future home today. I believe I'm done, I don't think, I can't think of anything else that happens at the moment. I'm done.