 Alright, uh, the beginning, I remember the wife talking to the lawyer. Don't remember about what? And then I remember the lawyer visiting the guy at jail, Jonathan. Uh, uh, don't remember, I might not remember the total, like, everything in order directly, but I remember the, uh, the wife talking to her dad about, you know, she doesn't really like her husband. Uh, I remember the son, uh, the accused son, often gets you the, uh, victim's son at school. The back-hole interaction with, uh, the principal also. And then, uh, I'm trying to super-go the first part with us. Uh, I'll be honest. Uh, oh, okay. So, there was the, what did they, you know, they, what they'd held him out, you know, the, uh, the dollar talking to her dad about, uh, getting him bailed out. Uh, and then, you know, he was very hesitant to do it, but he did it, and then he got out, and there was a big, uh, outcry over it. And then I remember, uh, what was that? It's not the first one. Um, it's, uh, honestly, that's all I can remember from the first part. But, I remember the second part, starting with the wife walking through, uh, the park at night, the followed by the, the accused husband. Uh, and then I remember the, uh, I don't know why, why you so much right now. But, I remember the, this is going to be out of order. But I remember the husband visiting, uh, the, uh, the widower of the victim. And, uh, you know, the interaction there, how he told, you know, he wanted to make sure that his son knew that he did not do it. Uh, because he was, uh, he was a doctor, right? So he was the main, uh, he wanted to make sure he didn't do it. And then, uh, you know, there was the interaction about how she knew that, uh, the other guy was following his wife around, which was, uh, you know, the, uh, uh, and then there was the, of course, the baby, the daughter, who was actually Jonathan's daughter, which was, which was outscrazed. I was, I was quite the twist, uh, and then I remember, uh, they, what you went on TV, to, uh, you know, talk to his lawyer, his lawyer suggested that he, uh, goes public with his, uh, you know, his, you know, the old lawyer thinks it would be a good idea for, you know, the public to see the, the more human side of him, like, you know, going on TV and telling his side of the story, and then, uh, yeah, uh, shoot. And I do remember in that scene where he was, uh, talking to the lawyer, she was trying to convince him to take a plea deal. And he would refuse to do that, because he, uh, was continuing maintaining his innocence. And, uh, yeah. Oh. Oh, okay. So I remember this part of mine, uh, back when the wife was walking through the park, and then she collapsed. I forget if that was in the first or second part, but she collapsed, it would be the middle part of it. She was taking it to the hospital. I guess, you know, with the anxiety attack at all. And it's all, you know, the father and the father and the son was there, and then Jonathan shows up, and this is Dr. Stuff, whatever. Yeah. I'd say that's pretty much the extent of what I remember. Yes.