 Okay, so chronologically before the show was the murder, we didn't see that, but it's whatever it comes after in the show. It's something that sucked out the same department in the reading and then it also came up later on in the show towards the end. It was just the fact that Jonathan ran away from the murder. He came across, or whatever, we don't know if he had done anything, but he was there, whether he had or not used there, or if the whole heart could please anyone else to just hit the head, the dead body of, yeah, the one called her, oh yeah, wow, the open door is murdered. And he ran away, but then came back to his family in the while later. So he had put it in a run, and it never come back. He hit more than he could see, it's a scared person. He ran away because they were scared, and then when they weren't scared anymore, then came back. So then the show starts up with, let's see, we have three characters in first. We have the, there's a strange white, I don't know for anybody's names, now it's a progeny thing. So Jonathan's white and her father is father-in-law. It becomes clear that they have a strange relationship, I guess it's called a strange relationship. And they, let's see, she kind of agrees with someone else who knows him, no, this guy's relationship because of the different character. They made it a restaurant, the wife and him, and they talk about it, yeah, this guy's total dick, but I don't think he's a brighter person. They kind of make it distinct sweet. Okay, yeah, we don't like him, but they still seem to seem to have a character. And then, let's see, we also meet in the first half of the defense attorney. Well, yeah, let's see, I guess she seems like a little bit of a less interesting character because we don't learn much from her, but she seems to what I've heard her work, it's like, what the father of Jonathan's white, the father-in-law, is we learn? The thing early, obviously, he doesn't like Jonathan, and then he really, of course, obviously he loves his daughter and he wants to do everything for her sake. And to that, it seems like she'd be Jonathan out of her life, maybe not completely, but keeping him from being closer is what he thinks is a good idea, and his daughter seems to be kind of on the same page, but also conflicting for sure. And then, most obvious way to make it, they are at the heart part of what's not, taking a look at the, yeah, where the water means to land around the edge there, and, of, he, whatever, comes in to hold her head next to his head after they've been having kind of a conversation about, like, you're not in my life, is what Ms. does she say, and she's just like, hey, I'm here, I come actually, like, I can't have a good life, I'm here. It's a, it's a strange encounter, for sure. He's a little bit forceful, and he's a little bit, back and forthness, and whether he's accepting his embrace or telling him off. So, yeah, so there's something, so you know, obviously, whether they're married, and there's something between them still, and her plan, so the strange, it's easier to set the done. But yeah, they think about her father's totally rooting heavily for them to, God, ever, to grow further and further apart. But he accepts the fact that he's, that she's got to play the role of the wife, and it's trial and have a public face that shows, it's a part, which almost like, do you bow to that, is how she's fighting her role, but if the father sees, whatever they show, you don't worry about that, what you kind of keep is focused on what's maybe closer to a harder ground than what she's showing the world, doing these and all, in the corner of the ground. But I guess I'm about to say that I think the father, the nothing, did it, but that he has the most potential to be the guilty, yet do I've done it, to feel the other woman. And when it went to go back to what we saw in the book, in this show, this is now in the second half of the father of honor. I guess in this case, he's the father telling his daughter about his own marriage and kind of pulling back the carrot to what she saw as ideal and everything was fine. He's like, oh no, I cheated on her all the time. And that's why I hate your husband because he never had the real idea of me. He didn't say the word hate, but yeah, whatever, but basically just that's why I don't like him in someone who works. So, I mean, he told us that, he told us he doesn't like him. And whoever murdered the woman who was murdered, they did it in a way that he showed up right after and he basically framed him. You, that could have been coincidences that you showed up on an ounce because they have a secret relationship that nobody else knew that he was going to be there except for her. And she's just having to be dead. But maybe it wasn't like that. Maybe somebody potentially had a time in being, he's there, she's murdered. What do you want at the same time? Who knows, her to tell. Probably him, no one else around. Let me get a book that way. So yeah, this isn't so much what they show up to show up on what I was, what I was noticing is that the father and law could have, you could have seen an opportunity to frame his son and law in a way that brings him down for also, by the way, she being on his daughter. So because of that, I mean, she doesn't go down with him. If anything, she gets sort of lifted up away from him because he has been, you know, a, he has been medical, he, he was, she on her when she got hurt and someone when she don't know. So it's kind of reason that I don't know if it seems pretty wild to do what it makes sense to get. What the father and law is going for, which is her daughter away from your grand character, John with him, you know, with the little pasta burger, I suppose, I don't know, it seems a little hard for you, so I don't even believe it, but what that, what of all the characters, the father and law do they see the most likely to be, one who actually killed someone, who clearly holds a grudge against himself for what he did and other people make up. Remind me of that, and in a way it's like he's trying to make up for it, maybe it's something that's our way, freeing his daughter from that type of person is good enough and his eyes to not notice that the cost of his burden. But anyway, there's also the two boys who meet in the first half and then one of them gets into the principal or something to explain why he said hello. Clearly it's like nothing happened, the ordinary happened, but everything is unordered because of the context with, yeah, those two kids, they're, they're the apple holders. Was their mother, was their father, how the, you know, one one maybe killed the other one? Like one, one parent of one child might have killed the other child, so that's pretty, that's strange, that's something that kids were used to. And, that's the price that they reacted and they reacted in a weird way, but like I don't know, I don't understand why he was grilled by whoever that adult was as you know, one happened then. Bringing out his woman with the five seas and harnessing him in the reason why he said sorry to begin with. And then once he recognized who it was, I had to say something so I said hello and that was him. And the other guy didn't really want to talk to him. Yeah, the other guy, the other guy, the, the, Alparez coming to the mine, up in Pulasthit, the child of the mother of the woman who was filled and, well now lives with his father and his sister, or is it, or is it actually, we learn Jonathan's daughter. So I guess, yeah, whatever, have sister or something, but it happens. Yeah, that's the sister. And she's quite like, yeah, a bit, so, like he's, yeah, he's clearly like, you know, he's listening to his headphones, just trying to kind of not be there, but he's right, he's making him a little bit of, and Jonathan thinks, I guess it was his daughter or something, had some sort of medical, like, health problems with baby, yeah, I think that's right. You think you should get cancer? This was not part of the story, I wasn't right about it. Probably you should get them some sort of something. So I'm missing that background story, as far as the relationship between the child and, just dropped his son and Jonathan. But, yeah, so that's tense when Jonathan shows up to their apartment, and then, again, the second half of the episode, again, maybe unfortunately requests to come in, so I'm kind of watching him in there, once he's pointing the door, so he can shut, and he says, please, as if he's not pulling the door open against the will of the person. It's strange to say, please, and like, push somebody at the same time, but he's doing that move, and he does eventually apartment, and the heck, yeah, that's why he did not see that coming with the baby, and the baby, so the blue chick just gets, but, yeah, the husband or the woman who is murdered, now, it's, you know, this is the thing, that's for how you have to put Courtney Lomin in this child, because once that child is in the child, it's the child of the baby, she's white with him, and his whiteness don't end. And, probably that guy thinks that Jonathan is guilty, definitely on a motion, this part, you know, the betrayal and the blame that it's where these ghosts fall on Jonathan for, coming between, ghosts too, being a whole ordinary, you know, yeah, he's the way he's doing, and, looking for the child, and they haven't been fair, so of course, there's bad one there, well, yeah, I mean, I think he does not like Jonathan, he seems, I guess, to not totally be on, on the, he's not totally convinced, he's, he's screaming at the top as well, and he's guilty, so he seems to not know maybe about that, but he sure knows he doesn't like him. Then we just see a lot of reaction shots, and they're watching the attorney and the, and Jonathan go on TV. The cameras stay with, that, with the, a phone number, and I don't know if it's correct, but the, when the husband of the woman who is from the friends, the cameras on, they have water, we can wait, right before we, come back to the back point, to Jonathan, like, really distraught, a emotional moment there when he's saying how he lost someone he loved, a, by the way, if they don't want to talk to each other, we got it. But it's, so the interviewer asks him that he knows who did it, and he just says something like, I have an idea, it seemed like we're being, the, the, the, the way he's shot, we're shown, the Alvarez character, we're more than anyone else. Also, the, his, uh, Jonathan Dwight, um, wait, I personally don't think Jonathan Dwight did it. Um, that was the first punch, and over the course of the story, I had just missed it, and replaced it with his father, her father, um, yeah, yeah, though, so I kind of skipped over the attorney character, I don't quite understand, the relationship that seems like they don't work well together, but, um, I'm not sure how this, the one point I thought they called her a pump of defender, it seems like he's a pretty wealthy guy, and not, uh, well, and she's a lawyer, rather than be assigned a pump of defender, and what was going on with those two, and their approach, um, what she seems to have, a public relationship, that, yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I think, one about going on TV, and, you know, you can't tamper with witness, but you can tamper with the jurors before the press turns, by just showing, yeah, public persona that's favorable. Um, so yeah, everybody's up to them or something, but, well, yeah, it's not clear that he wants, uh, downright, like, you know, no, no, there's no serial killers on the show, no one's as, like, completely, so, she's a panther, um, but apparently, somebody's so, she's a panther, and he's tough to do, so, yeah, that's about the plot, and where I met with it, I've done.