 We're beginning to be able to introduce three series of characters. One of which was you choose a doctor. The second one was the second character I was introduced to. This is the doctor's wife, I believe. The next slide showed the wife actually and then the murdered husband. Now the husband of the murder. The first slide showed the doctor and the husband, the cheated one, when she did with the doctor. The third slide showed the children, the woman left being the doctor's son and the one on the right was the woman who cheated with the doctor's son who had cancer. I was currently being seen by the doctor. The second slide on the right hand side was the husband of the woman who was cheating. The episode opened up with the doctor in prison and he got into an interview with his father. He had a mark on his face to which he asked him how did he get it. After giving some nervous body language, he responded and he got it in prison with the boys. I believe she bought it. However, after that there was an attempt, a successful attempt to have the doctor bailed out of prison, which I believe was $72 million. The doctor's father-in-law was the individual who paid for the bail despite his belief that the doctor was guilty. The reason why the father-in-law left the doctor, he got out of prison on his own dime, was because he was supposed to pay the starter. He found himself really quick to shoot the claims by the wife. The woman did the wife of the doctor. They consulted the third party I believe the goal of maintaining the objective. She asked him whether or not he thought the doctor was guilty. He responded, no, he doesn't think so. He told the doctor to let him go. After the doctor was out of bail, he started putting an effort into ensuring the other belief that he was innocent as well. This included in so on the wife. He also talked to the woman who came and treated her husband, Mr. Alvarez I believe. Mr. Alvarez's son, the son of Rose Cancer. Now the individual, the doctor, as he was after he talked to the woman at the park, and right before she passed out, she went to the apartment of Mr. Alvarez, rather fortunately. He had his right foot in the door I believe. He begged him, Mr. Alvarez, to please put him in so he could talk to the son. After the doctor talked to the son for a little while, Mr. Alvarez, the father, started becoming upset and insisting that the doctor would speak to the son. The son did not listen at first, he said he would like to go back to the room and ask her for more urgent, the father, as the son, rather told him to put on headphones and watch something on the tablet. After that, Mr. Alvarez and the doctor started speaking what was interrupted by the baby monitor going off. Mr. Alvarez tends to be with the doctor following two natural words. The doctor at least walked me down the hall, so the room on his right hand side with a picture of the woman who had been cheated on. He took the mental process of taking care of the baby. And then he went into, that was the room, Mr. Alvarez and his kind of group. He was the doctor and he sees Mr. Alvarez holding the baby. The baby turned it off with his. Mr. Alvarez believed that the baby was the doctor and who cheated. That makes sense. I don't think those in Maine have given. The doctor feeling moved by this observation decided to adopt the baby or at least tend to it. And the defense attorney really didn't like that. She was very adamant about the baby being adopted. I believe the doctor did this in an attempt to appeal to Mr. Alvarez so as to show that he is innocent. The child is still underway. So with this in mind, the defense attorney advises the doctor to have an interview on TV. So she's the doctor of life. This was after the doctor was very insistent on maintaining innocence, suspected defense attorney stating how the doctor had charm and the ability to use that time on individuals. The defense attorney was making a move on the doctor, other than this thought-off observation. So we got to the TV short, to the TV interview. A woman I believe was patient, who was interviewing the doctor. She asked the doctor after the defense attorney opened up her conversation. Why would he plea if he was innocent? I don't believe the doctor was pleaing with the intent of seeing a situation as long as the innocent or guilty, rather clear, I believe. With this, he starts explaining the narrative in a manner of which I believe Mr. Alvarez could be reasonably seen as guilty, given how the doctor was stating that the individual who killed the woman may have done so out of jealousy and rage anger. With that, the doctor ends the episode by saying, I believe I know who did it. Well, he responded to the interview as questioned. Do you think you know who did it? The doctor said after some nervous thinking about, he was thinking about nervous, exhibiting very nervous body language. Not making our time talk either. He responded, I do. I'm done. Okay.