 So the episode starts with the wife of the accused - I forget her name, but I think it might have been like, Claire? She's seen walking across a crosswalk, um, at night. There's not much light there's like street lights lining the street. And then, she seems kind of off; emotionless, acting weird doesn't seem like ... it kind of seems like she's walking with purpose but we don't really know. And then we see her in the Lawyer's office. And it looks like the lawyer's kind of [UNCLEAR} a little but because she's showing her pictures of her, you know, walking in the middle of the night. And one was kind of the second one to go exactly the same. But it sounds like she's the lawyer, it's asking me what the white group is. What she's been doing, and what the white group is doing this whole summer here. And then cut to the like, the way it could be. Just talking to the dogger. The dogger seems like a very good man. You know, it's an amazing house. Very nice. It's an amazing mansion. And then you see a little bit tense. Because it has been a huge summer game. It's a lot of fun. It's a lot of fun. It's a lot of fun. It's a lot of fun. And then it cuts here at some point. I'm showing her husband in jail. So we kind of know that we're in touch with large people over here. And then we're in jail. And because there's a few times, kind of, for that, the atmosphere is great. And so then the dogger loves to go to some visits. He appears in jail. And they have a conversation. And the dog is not right. So I go to that woman. And then the dogger doesn't. And the accused is the one who sees it right. In the sense, the curtains white. And so it seems like the other dog in the same jail is next to him. And walking out of the courthouse, and a lot of pictures white and all the children members. There's sort of where we get some very great things. And they're walking down. They turn to the floor. Other quarters within the key stops. This is the one statement we'll make. So that's the one in the sense that we want to clear and see. And then we see the accused. And they say, you know, they're leaving the box. They put it on the door shut, shut, shut, school, whatever. There's these other things. There are 30 as such, and like I said, and one time I hear. And maybe I'll be able to shake it, but I said I'm sorry. So, I guess somebody or he would say like a couple words in there. There was kind of a weird interaction. And I think thatз a harvesting that others say and grow. Why is she tongue younger, by any way? But don't remember exactly the very next, the next thing I see in that vlog. And the next thing I see in that vlog is a weird kiss and the fight you're not walked together. But I'd rather prefer it than they're obviously talking about the disease that's there. And the wife in case I'm your wife, you know, that is a supportive person. That's why I think you'll know that you're a different kind of person. And each isolation will come out of the office and obviously you're taking the fishing. And then you can see it. I don't remember exactly the text, but I say I remember it's about the secret body. And I'm walking through a piece of art. And she's really disoriented. She's having weird flashbacks, or that we see flashes of the murderable incidents. And I'm not sure if it's not that. Or else or whatever. But we see that the husband is following the wife and she's sorry to the chiefs of the group. And playing a parking lot field and the staff. And the next thing she's in the hospital. So at the hospital, her father and the son, and I see the eight kids, her parents, and walking to the hospital with them. And so I was very concerned. And I was kind of checking her. And we see that they have her hands. And the son was also noticing that the family is a comforting son. The wife was kind of diagnosed with anxiety and that's why she took the hospital, which stands all the way on. And then the husband's making those hours. The first one that I was using, the mothering and her husband's and son, and the mothering and the mothering. And the mothering and the mothering and the mothering. And the mothering and the mothering. But I think it's like, we're going to discuss this talk. Joy, keep talking.